Peaceful protests are a hallmark of our democracy. Even if I don't always agree
Wow
Watched protests yesterday but was under the impression that we just had an election! Why didn't these people vote? Celebs hurt cause badly.
Had a great meeting at CIA Headquarters yesterday
RT  Do not allow anyone to tell you that it cannot be done. No challenge can match the HEART and FIGHT and SPIRIT of America.
A fantastic day and evening in Washington D.C.Thank you to  and so many other news outlets for the GREAT reviews of the speech!
THANK YOU for another wonderful evening in Washington
TO ALL AMERICANS

So to all Americans
It is time to remember that...We will follow two simple rules BUY AMERICAN &amp; HIRE AMERICAN!

We will bring back our jobs. We will bring back our borders. We will bring back our wealth - and we will bring back our dreams!
The forgotten men and women of our country will be forgotten no longer. From this moment on
January 20th 2017
What truly matters is not which party controls our government
power from Washington
Today we are not merely transferring power from one Administration to another
It all begins today! I will see you at 1100 A.M. for the swearing-in. THE MOVEMENT CONTINUES - THE WORK BEGINS!
Thank you for a wonderful evening in Washington
Thank you for joining us at the Lincoln Memorial tonight- a very special evening! Together
Join me at 4pm over at the Lincoln Memorial with my family!

Great Concert at 400 P.M. today at Lincoln Memorial. Enjoy!
On my way!  the American people. I have no doubt that we will
Getting ready to leave for Washington
It wasn't Donald Trump that divided this country
Thank you to our amazing Wounded Warriors for their service. It was an honor to be with them tonight in D.C. Great seeing   and Kimberly at this evenings VP dinner!  Looking forward to a speedy recovery for George and Barbara Bush
Writing my inaugural address at the Winter White House
. was great last night in D.C. playing for 147 Diplomats and Ambassadors from countries around the world. Thanks Alabama!
No wonder the Today Show on biased  is doing so badly compared to its glorious past. Little credibility!
Bayer AG has pledged to add U.S. jobs and investments after meeting with President-elect Donald Trump
to the U.S.
Totally biased  went out of its way to say that the big announcement from Ford
Will be interviewed by  on  - Enjoy!
RT  Thank you to  for this incredible feature! Golfer-in-Chief  RT  . has the talent
Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the U.S.!
How Trump WonAnd How The Media Missed It thought it would be hypocritical to attend Bush's swearing-in....he doesn't believe Bush is the true elected president. Sound familiar! WP
John Lewis said about my inauguration
country and with the massive cost reductions I have negotiated on military purchases and more
With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the U.S. (even before taking office)
The same people who did the phony election polls
People are pouring into Washington in record numbers. Bikers for Trump are on their way. It will be a great Thursday
   Trump is great
At 900 P.M. 
  I appreciate your use of Twitter to keep us informed and maintain transparency. Very dishonest media!
Celebrate Martin Luther King Day and all of the many wonderful things that he stood for. Honor him for being the great man that he was!
much worse - just look at Syria (red line)
. Outgoing CIA Chief
. is bad but Saturday Night Live is the worst of NBC. Not funny
about that...Those Intelligence chiefs made a mistake here
Thank you to Bob Woodward who said
For many years our country has been divided
will only get higher. Car companies and others
The Democrats are most angry that so many Obama Democrats voted for me. With all of the jobs I am bringing back to our Nation
Inauguration Day is turning out to be even bigger than expected. January 20th
Congressman John Lewis should finally focus on the burning and crime infested inner-cities of the U.S. I can use all the help I can get!
INTELLIGENCE INSIDERS NOW CLAIM THE TRUMP DOSSIER IS A COMPLETE FRAUD!  
mention crime infested) rather than falsely complaining about the election results. All talk
Congressman John Lewis should spend more time on fixing and helping his district
A beautiful funeral today for a real NYC hero
The Unaffordable Care Act will soon be history!
have been allowed to run - guilty as hell. They were VERY nice to her. She lost because she campaigned in the wrong states - no enthusiasm!
What are Hillary Clinton's people complaining about with respect to the F.B.I. Based on the information they had she should never.....
released by Intelligence even knowing there is no proof
Totally made up facts by sleazebag political operatives
It now turns out that the phony allegations against me were put together by my political opponents and a failed spy afraid of being sued....
All of my Cabinet nominee are looking good and doing a great job. I want them to be themselves and express their own thoughts
Congrats to the Senate for taking the first step to - now it's onto the House!
. is in a total meltdown with their FAKE NEWS because their ratings are tanking since election and their credibility will soon be gone!
Thank you to Linda Bean of L.L.Bean for your great support and courage. People will support you even more now. Buy L.L.Bean. 
James Clapper called me yesterday to denounce the false and fictitious report that was illegally circulated. Made up
_amy3  It's Morning in America again!!!  Thank you President-Elect Donald Trump!!! So proud of you!!!! THANKS!
We had a great News Conference at Trump Tower today. A couple of FAKE NEWS organizations were there but the people truly get what's going on
Intelligence agencies should never have allowed this fake news to leak into the public. One last shot at me.Are we living in Nazi Germany?
I win an election easily
Russia has never tried to use leverage over me. I HAVE NOTHING TO DO WITH RUSSIA - NO DEALS
Russia just said the unverified report paid for by political opponents is A COMPLETE AND TOTAL FABRICATION
'BuzzFeed Runs Unverifiable Trump-Russia Claims'  

RT  I have never been to Prague in my life.  FAKE NEWS - A TOTAL POLITICAL WITCH HUNT!
'Trump Helps Lift Small Business Confidence to 12-Yr. High'

'Small business optimism soars after Trump election' 'U.S. Small-Business Optimism Index Surges by Most Since 1980'

Thank you to all of the men and women who protect &amp; serve our communities 24/7/365! 

An old picture with Nancy and Ronald Reagan. Ford said last week that it will expand in Michigan and U.S. instead of building a BILLION dollar plant in Mexico. Thank you Ford &amp; Fiat C!
It's finally happening - Fiat Chrysler just announced plans to invest $1BILLION in Michigan and Ohio plants
groveling when he totally changed a 16 year old story that he had written in order to make me look bad. Just more very dishonest media!
Hillary flunky who lost big. For the 100th time
Meryl Streep
Rupert Murdoch is a great guy who likes me much better as a very successful candidate than he ever did as a very successful developer!
Dishonest media says Mexico won't be paying for the wall if they pay a little later so the wall can be built more quickly. Media is fake!
Before I
RT  Watch our interview with  Russia did not succeed in attempts to sway election Kellyanne Conway went to  this morning for an interview with . Dishonest media cut out 9 of her 10 minutes. Terrible!
 We certainly dont want intelligence interfering with politics and we dont want politics interfe  Welcome to President and Mrs. Bush.  

I look very much forward to meeting Prime Minister Theresa May in Washington in the Spring. Britain
Congratulation to Jane Timken on her major upset victory in becoming the Ohio Republican Party Chair. Jane is a loyal Trump supporter &amp; star
both countries will
have enough problems around the world without yet another one. When I am President
Having a good relationship with Russia is a good thing
Only reason the hacking of the poorly defended DNC is discussed is that the loss by the Dems was so big that they are totally embarrassed!
Intelligence stated very strongly there was absolutely no evidence that hacking affected the election results. Voting machines not touched!
Gross negligence by the Democratic National Committee allowed hacking to take place.The Republican National Committee had strong defense!
Happy Birthday !

Monitoring the terrible situation in Florida. Just spoke to Governor Scott. Thoughts and prayers for all. Stay safe!
I am asking the chairs of the House and Senate committees to investigate top secret intelligence shared with NBC prior to me seeing it.
Anna Wintour came to my office at Trump Tower to ask me to meet with the editors of Conde Nast &amp; Steven Newhouse
being a movie star-and that was season 1 compared to season 14. Now compare him to my season 1. But who cares
Wow
Hopefully
and knew they were in big trouble - which is why they cancelled their big fireworks at the last minute.THEY SAW A MOVEMENT LIKE NEVER BEFORE
Hillary and the Dems were never going to beat the PASSION of my voters. They saw what was happening in the last two weeks before the......
The dishonest media does not report that any money spent on building the Great Wall (for sake of speed)
So how and why are they so sure about hacking if they never even requested an examination of the computer servers? What is going on?
The Democratic National Committee would not allow the FBI to study or see its computer info after it was supposedly hacked by Russia......
How did NBC get an exclusive look into the top secret report he (Obama) was presented? Who gave them this report and why? Politics!
Toyota Motor said will build a new plant in Baja
to make up their own minds as to the truth. The media lies to make it look like I am against Intelligence when in fact I am a big fan!
The dishonest media likes saying that I am in Agreement with Julian Assange - wrong. I simply state what he states
...time for Republicans &amp; Democrats to get together and come up with a healthcare plan that really works - much less expensive &amp; FAR BETTER!
...do the typical political thing and BLAME. The fact is ObamaCare was a lie from the beginning.Keep you doctor
The Democrats
Jackie Evancho's album sales have skyrocketed after announcing her Inauguration performance.Some people just don't understand the Movement
massive increases of ObamaCare will take place this year and Dems are to blame for the mess. It will fall of its own weight - be careful!
like the 116% hike in Arizona. Also
Republicans must be careful in that the Dems own the failed ObamaCare disaster
things they did and said (like giving the questions to the debate to H). A total double standard! Media
Somebody hacked the DNC but why did they not have hacking defense like the RNC has and why have they not responded to the terrible......
Thank you to Ford for scrapping a new plant in Mexico and creating 700 new jobs in the U.S. This is just the beginning - much more to follow
 Julian Assange on U.S. media coverage Its very dishonest.  Julian Assange said a 14 year old could have hacked Podesta - why was DNC so careless? Also said Russians did not give him the info!
The Intelligence briefing on so-called Russian hacking was delayed until Friday
I will be having a general news conference on JANUARY ELEVENTH in N.Y.C. Thank you.
Trump is already delivering the jobs he promised America There should be no further releases from Gitmo. These are extremely dangerous people and should not be allowed back onto the battlefield.
Instead of driving jobs and wealth away

 Ford to scrap Mexico plant

........may be
With all that Congress has to work on
The Democrat Governor.of Minnesota said The Affordable Care Act (ObamaCare) is no longer affordable! - And
People must remember that ObamaCare just doesn't work
General Motors is sending Mexican made model of Chevy Cruze to U.S. car dealers-tax free across border. Make in U.S.A.or pay big border tax!
China has been taking out massive amounts of money &amp; wealth from the U.S. in totally one-sided trade
North Korea just stated that it is in the final stages of developing a nuclear weapon capable of reaching parts of the U.S. It won't happen!
I thought and felt I would win big
Various media outlets and pundits say that I thought I was going to lose the election. Wrong
 just released a book called Unprecedented which explores the 2016 race &amp; victory. Hope it does well but used worst cover photo of me!
Chicago murder rate is record setting - 4
Well
RT  2016 has been one of the most eventful and exciting years of my life. I wish you peace
RT  Happy new year everyone.     RT  2016 was such an incredible year for our entire family! My beautiful wife  made it even better!  RT  Happy New Year + God's blessings to you all.  Looking forward to incredible things in 2017!   will Make America
RT  On behalf of our next  &amp; -





True
TO ALL AMERICANS-

RT  Happy Birthday !
True
Happy Birthday !

Happy New Year to all
Russians are playing  and  for such fools - funny to watch
Join 
Great move on delay (by V. Putin) - I always knew he was very smart!
My Administration will follow two simple rules 'Economists say Trump delivered hope' not anymore. The beginning of the end was the horrible Iran deal
We cannot continue to let Israel be treated with such total disdain and disrespect. They used to have a great friend in the U.S.
Doing my best to disregard the many inflammatory President O statements and roadblocks.Thought it was going to be a smooth transition - NOT!
The U.S. Consumer Confidence Index for December surged nearly four points to 113.7
President Obama campaigned hard (and personally) in the very important swing states
The DJT Foundation
I gave millions of dollars to DJT Foundation
The world was gloomy before I won - there was no hope. Now the market is up nearly 10% and Christmas spending is over a trillion dollars!
The United Nations has such great potential but right now it is just a club for people to get together
President Obama said that he thinks he would have won against me. He should say that but I say NO WAY! - jobs leaving
Merry Christmas and a very
 . - Objectified tonight at 1000 P.M. Enjoy!
Happy  The big loss yesterday for Israel in the United Nations will make it much harder to negotiate peace.Too bad
. purposely left out this part of my nuclear qoute until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes.  Dishonest!
Vladimir Putin said today about Hillary and Dems In my opinion
slaughter you. This is a purely religious threat
The terrorist who killed so many people in Germany said just before crime
As to the U.N.
my presidency. Isn't this a ridiculous shame? He loves these kids
My wonderful son
The so-called A list celebrities are all wanting tixs to the inauguration
Based on the tremendous cost and cost overruns of the Lockheed Martin F-35
The United States must greatly strengthen and expand its nuclear capability until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes
Someone incorrectly stated that the phrase DRAIN THE SWAMP was no longer being used by me. Actually
The resolution being considered at the United Nations Security Council regarding Israel should be vetoed....cont I met some really great Air Force GENERALS and Navy ADMIRALS today
I have not heard any of the pundits or commentators discussing the fact that I spent FAR LESS MONEY on the win than Hillary on the loss!
I would have done even better in the election
Campaigning to win the Electoral College is much more difficult &amp; sophisticated than the popular vote. Hillary focused on the wrong states!
Yes
especially how to get people
Bill Clinton stated that I called him after the election. Wrong
_pence Congratulations to ; officially elected President of the United States today by the Electoral College!
_Graham Congratulations to President-elect the electoral votes are in and it's official. Thank you Franklin!
RT   We did it! Thank you to all of my great supporters
Today there were terror attacks in Turkey
If my many supporters acted and threatened people like those who lost the election are doing
We should tell China that we don't want the drone they stole back.- let them keep it!
Thank you Alabama! From now on
RT  Join President-elect Trump LIVE from Mobile
True
China steals United States Navy research drone in international waters - rips it out of water and takes it to China in unprecedented act.
Mobile
_E  Many people are now saying you will be an extremely successful president!   Thank you!
Last night in Orlando
Thank you Florida. My Administration will follow two simple rules BUY AMERICAN and HIRE AMERICAN! - Watch  






Well
Are we talking about the same cyberattack where it was revealed that head of the DNC illegally gave Hillary the questions to the debate?
Thank you Pennsylvania! Together
Join me in Mobile

If Russia
The media tries so hard to make my move to the White House
Thank you to Time Magazine and Financial Times for naming me Person of the Year - a great honor!
Has anyone looked at the really poor numbers of  Magazine. Way down
. and  in my Trump Tower office yesterday- two great guys! Thank you Wisconsin! My Administration will be focused on three very important words jobs
RT  Join  Trump &amp;  Pence live in West Allis

True
Join me this Saturday at LaddPeebles Stadium in Mobile



The thing I like best about Rex Tillerson is that he has vast experience at dealing successfully with all types of foreign governments.
Wisconsin and Pennsylvania have just certified my wins in those states. I actually picked up additional votes!
I have chosen one of the truly great business leaders of the world
I will hold a press conference in the near future to discuss the business
Presidency. Two of my children
Even though I am not mandated by law to do so
I will be making my announcement on the next Secretary of State tomorrow morning.
The final Wisconsin vote is in and guess what - we just picked up an additional 131 votes. The Dems and Green Party can now rest. Scam!
 










The F-35 program and cost is out of control. Billions of dollars can and will be saved on military (and other) purchases after January 20th.
Unless you catch hackers in the act
Can you imagine if the election results were the opposite and WE tried to play the Russia/CIA card. It would be called conspiracy theory!
Just watched  - So biased
Will be interviewed on  at 1000 P.M. Enjoy!
Whether I choose him or not for State- Rex Tillerson
I spent Friday campaigning with John Kennedy
Being at the Army - Navy Game was fantastic. There is nothing like the spirit in that stadium. A wonderful experience
I will be interviewed today on Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace at 1000 (Eastern) Network. ENJOY!
RT  Sunday our exclusive interview with President-elect  

True
October 2015 - thanks Chris Wallace ! RT  Counting down the days until the swearing in of  &amp; _pence. Check in here for the latest updates. 
A very interesting read. Unfortunately

Reports by  that I will be working on The Apprentice during my Presidency
As a show of support for our Armed Forces
I have NOTHING to do with The Apprentice except for fact that I conceived it with Mark B &amp; have a big stake in it. Will devote ZERO TIME!
.
Thank you Michigan. We are going to bring back your jobs &amp; together

Thank you Louisiana! Get out &amp; vote for John Kennedy tomorrow. Electing Kennedy will help enact our agenda on behal Join me live in Louisiana! Tomorrow
THANK YOU IOWA!

Join me tomorrow!  




On my way to Des Moines
Today we lost a great pioneer of air and space in John Glenn. He was a hero and inspired generations of future explorers. He will be missed.
If United Steelworkers 1999 was any good
Chuck Jones
Join me tomorrow in Des Moines

We pause today to remember the 2

I will be interviewed on the  at 730. Enjoy!
A great night in Fayetteville
Departing New York with General James 'Mad Dog' Mattis for tonight's rally in Fayetteville
Masa said he would never do this had we (Trump) not won the election!
Masa (SoftBank) of Japan has agreed to invest $50 billion in the U.S. toward businesses and 50
Join me tonight in Fayetteville


Boeing is building a brand new 747 Air Force One for future presidents
 








If the press would cover me accurately &amp; honorably
I am thrilled to nominate Dr.  as our next Secretary of the US Dept. of Housing and Urban Development their country (the U.S. doesn't tax them) or to build a massive military complex in the middle of the South China Sea?  I don't think so!
Did China ask us if it was OK to devalue their currency (making it hard for our companies to compete)
. will be re-running Objectified Donald Trump
The Green Party just dropped its recount suit in Pennsylvania and is losing votes in Wisconsin recount. Just a Stein scam to raise money!
expensive mistake! THE UNITED STATES IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS
these companies are able to move between all 50 states
wanting to sell their product
without retribution or consequence
fires its employees
The U.S. is going to substantialy reduce taxes and regulations on businesses
Just tried watching Saturday Night Live - unwatchable! Totally biased
Our great VPE
State Treasurer John Kennedy is my choice for US Senator from Louisiana. Early voting today; election next Saturday.
 Cant wait to get back out there and mix it up with the boys. TW  Great to have you back Tiger - Special!
Rexnord of Indiana is moving to Mexico and rather viciously firing all of its 300 workers. This is happening all over our country. No more!
Interesting how the U.S. sells Taiwan billions of dollars of military equipment but I should not accept a congratulatory call.
The President of Taiwan CALLED ME today to wish me congratulations on winning the Presidency. Thank you!
Thank you Ohio! Together
Heading to U.S. Bank Arena in Cincinnati

Getting ready to leave for the Great State of Indiana and meet the hard working and wonderful people of Carrier A.C.
My thoughts and prayers are with those affected by the tragic storms and tornadoes in the Southeastern United States. Stay safe!
Look forward to going to Indiana tomorrow in order to be with the great workers of Carrier. They will sell many air conditioners!
'Donald Trump is already helping the working class' RT  Great interview on  by  w/ Carrier employee- who has a message for   &amp; 
'President-elect Donald J. Trump today announced his intent to nominate Steven Mnuchin
Join me in Cincinnati

Hence
do this under the law
great business in total in order to fully focus on running the country in order to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! While I am not mandated to ....
I will be holding a major news conference in New York City with my children on December 15 to discuss the fact that I will be leaving my ...
ISIS is taking credit for the terrible stabbing attack at Ohio State University by a Somali refugee who should not have been in our country.
Big day on Thursday for Indiana and the great workers of that wonderful state.We will keep our companies and jobs in the U.S. Thanks Carrier
I will be going to Indiana on Thursday to make a major announcement concerning Carrier A.C. staying in Indianapolis. Great deal for workers!
'President-Elect Donald J. Trump Nominates Elaine Chao as Secretary of the Department of Transportation'

'President-Elect Donald J. Trump Intends to Nominate Congressman Tom Price and Seema Verma.'

RT  Back to Cincinnati
True
My thoughts and prayers are with the great people of Tennessee during these terrible wildfires. Stay safe!
Nobody should be allowed to burn the American flag - if they do
I thought that  would get better after they failed so badly in their support of Hillary Clinton however
The Great State of Michigan was just certified as a Trump WIN giving all of our MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN supporters another victory - 306!
. is so embarrassed by their total  (100%) support of Hillary Clinton
     There is NO QUESTION THAT  did take place
  Pathetic - you have no sufficient evidence that Donald Trump did not suffer from voter fraud
  just another generic CNN part time wannabe journalist !   still doesn't get it. They will never learn!
  what PROOF do u have DonaldTrump did not suffer from millions of FRAUD votes? Journalist? Do your job! 
Just met with General Petraeuswas very impressed!
If Cuba is unwilling to make a better deal for the Cuban people
Serious voter fraud in Virginia
states instead of the 15 states that I visited. I would have won even more easily and convincingly (but smaller states are forgotten)!
It would have been much easier for me to win the so-called popular vote than the Electoral College in that I would only campaign in 3 or 4
In addition to winning the Electoral College in a landslide
Trump is going to be our President. We owe him an open mind and the chance to lead. So much time and money will be spent - same result! Sad
this election. That is a direct threat to our democracy. She then said
of position. Then
during a general election. I
and fair elections. We've accepted the outcomes when we may not have liked them
Hillary's debate answer on delay That is horrifying. That is not the way our democracy works. Been around for 240 years. We've had free 
Hillary Clinton conceded the election when she called me just prior to the victory speech and after the results were in. Nothing will change
The Democrats
The Green Party scam to fill up their coffers by asking for impossible recounts is now being joined by the badly defeated &amp; demoralized Dems
Fidel Castro is dead!
I am working hard
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone. We will
Let us give thanks for all that we have
Bus crash in Tennessee so sad &amp; so terrible. Condolences to all family members and loved ones. These beautiful children will be remembered!
I am seriously considering Dr. Ben Carson as the head of HUD. I've gotten to know him wellhe's a greatly talented person who loves people!
The meeting with the  is back on at 1230 today. Look forward to it!
'Jeff Sessions

'President-elect Donald J. Trump's CIA Director Garners Praise'

Great meetings will take place today at Trump Tower concerning the formation of the people who will run our government for the next 8 years.
The failing  just announced that complaints about them are at a 15 year high. I can fully understand that - but why announce?
Perhaps a new meeting will be set up with the . In the meantime they continue to cover me inaccurately and with a nasty tone!
I cancelled today's meeting with the failing  when the terms and conditions of the meeting were changed at the last moment. Not nice
Many people would like to see _Farage represent Great Britain as their Ambassador to the United States. He would do a great job!
Prior to the election it was well known that I have interests in properties all over the world.Only the crooked media makes this a big deal!
. update and policy plans for the first 100 days. I have always had a good relationship with Chuck Schumer. He is far smarter than Harry R and has the ability to get things done. Good news!
General James Mad Dog Mattis
I watched parts of  Saturday Night Live last night. It is a totally one-sided
Numerous patriots will be coming to Bedminster today as I continue to fill out the various positions necessary to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The cast and producers of Hamilton
The Theater must always be a safe and special place.The cast of Hamilton was very rude last night to a very good man
Our wonderful future V.P. Mike Pence was harassed last night at the theater by the cast of Hamilton
The ONLY bad thing about winning the Presidency is that I did not have the time to go through a long but winning trial on Trump U. Too bad!
I settled the Trump University lawsuit for a small fraction of the potential award because as President I have to focus on our country.
Will be working all weekend in choosing the great men and women who will be helping to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
RT  President-elect Trump announces selections for Attorney General
I worked hard with Bill Ford to keep the Lincoln plant in Kentucky. I owed it to the great State of Kentucky for their confidence in me!
Just got a call from my friend Bill Ford
My transition team
Australia
I have recieved and taken calls from many foreign leaders despite what the failing  said. Russia
The failing  story is so totally wrong on transition. It is going so smoothly. Also
I am not trying to get top level security clearance for my children. This was a typically false news story.
Very organized process taking place as I decide on Cabinet and many other positions. I am the only one who knows who the finalists are!
The Electoral College is actually genius in that it brings all states
If the election were based on total popular vote I would have campaigned in  N.Y. Florida and California and won even bigger and more easily
The debates
I will be interviewed on  tonight after the NFL game - 700 P.M. Enjoy!
The  states today that DJT believes more countries should acquire nuclear weapons. How dishonest are they. I never said this!
Governor John Kasich of the GREAT
Jeb Bush
Mitt Romney called to congratulate me on the win. Very nice!
The  sent a letter to their subscribers apologizing for their BAD coverage of me. I wonder if it will change - doubt it?
Wow
This will prove to be a great time in the lives of ALL Americans. We will unite and we will win
Today we express our deepest gratitude to all those who have served in our armed forces.  Busy day planned in New York. Will soon be making some very important decisions on the people who will be running our government!
Love the fact that the small groups of protesters last night have passion for our great country. We will all come together and be proud!
Just had a very open and successful presidential election. Now professional protesters
A fantastic day in D.C. Met with President Obama for first time. Really good meeting
Happy 241st birthday to the U.S. Marine Corps! Thank you for your service!! Such a beautiful and important evening! The forgotten man and woman will never be forgotten again. We will all come together as never before
Watching the returns at 945pm. 

RT  Such a surreal moment to vote for my father for President of the United States! Make your voice heard and vote! 
RT  Join my family in this incredible movement to !! Now it is up to you! Please  for America! https
RT  FINAL PUSH! Eric and I doing dozens of radio interviews. We can win this thing! GET OUT AND VOTE!   ht
Still time to ! 

Don't let up
Just out according to  Utah officials report voting machine problems across entire country
I will be watching the election results from Trump Tower in Manhattan with my family and friends. Very exciting!
 We need your vote. Go to the POLLS! Let's continue this MOVEMENT! Find your poll location VOTE TODAY! Go to TODAY WE MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Today we are going to win the great state of MICHIGAN and we are going to WIN back the White House! Thank you MI! RT  Thanks New Hampshire!!! 
True
RT  . in Michigan This is your movement Unbelievable evening in New Hampshire - THANK YOU! Flying to Grand Rapids

Big news to share in New Hampshire tonight! Polls looking great! See you soon.
Today in Florida
Thank you Pennsylvania! Going to New Hampshire now and on to Michigan. Watch PA rally here LIVE on  Join me for a few minutes in Pennsylvania. Get out &amp; VOTE tomorrow. LETS !! Hey Missouri let's defeat Crooked Hillary &amp; ! Koster supports Obamacare &amp; amnesty! Vote outsider Navy SEAL !
'America must decide between failed policies or fresh perspective

'What I Like About Trump ... and Why You Need to Vote for Him'

'Why Trump' I love you North Carolina- thank you for your amazing support! Get out and 
On my way! Just landed in North Carolina- heading to the J.S. Dorton Arena. See you all soon! Lets ! Starting tomorrow it's going to be ! Thank you for a great morning Sarasota

Thank you for you support Virginia! In ONE DAY - get out and !  Thank you Pennsylvania- I am forever grateful for your amazing support. Lets MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  Thank you Michigan! This is a MOVEMENT that will never be seen again- it's our last chance to ! Watch Our American comeback story begins 11/8/16. Together
Thank you Minnesota! It is time to  &amp; ! 

MONDAY - 11/7/2016





Thank you Iowa - Get out &amp; ! 

RT  Thank you New Hampshire!  Van Jones There Is A Crack in the Blue Wall  It Has to Do With Trade Great night in Denver

RT  Join  LIVE in Denver

True
Thank you Reno

Join me live in Reno

JOIN ME TOMORROW!







!

Top Clinton Aides Bemoan Campaign All Tactics
Must Act Immediately Clinton Charity Lawyer Told Execs They Were Breaking The Law

Watch Coach Mike Ditka- a great guy and supporter tonight at 8pmE on  with  .
Thank you Wilmington
Thank you for the incredible support this morning Tampa
Join me in Denver


MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you Hershey

Join me in Denver

Join me live in Hershey


The only thing that can stop this corrupt machine is YOU. The only force strong enough to save our country is US. Thank you Ohio! VOTE so we can replace Obamacare and save healthcare for every family in the United States! Watch Join me live in Wilmington

If Obama worked as hard on straightening out our country as he has trying to protect and elect Hillary
'ICE OFFICERS WARN HILLARY IMMIGRATION PLAN WILL UNLEASH GANGS
Thank you NH! We will end illegal immigration
Clinton Aides Definitely Not Releasing Some HRC Emails

RT  Mrs. Saucier's son is in prison for having classified info on an unsecured device.  did FAR WORSE &amp; is runnin
The Clinton Campaign at Obama Justice 

Join me today in Wilmington


There is no challenge too great

RT  . confirms FBI found emails on  computer
Join me in Wilmington
 is unfit to serve. Thank you Concord
Watching my beautiful wife
Looking at Air Force One  MIA. Why is he campaigning instead of creating jobs &amp; fixing Obamacare? Get back to work for the American people!
ObamaCare is a total disaster. Hillary Clinton wants to save it by making it even more expensive. Doesn't work
My wife
Thank you Arlene! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! 


RT _Lineberger Thanks  for coming to help win Michigan! More people here than a Hillary rally with less than 24 hours notice
  Thank you Orlando
After decades of lies and scandal
Clinton camp fumed when surrogate told supporters Clinton planned to betray labor on TPP post-election 

It pays to have friends in high places- like the Justice Department. Clearly the Clintons do. 

Thank you Miami! In 6 days
Praying for the families of the two Iowa police who were ambushed this morning. An attack on those who keep us safe is an attack on us all.
 Evangelical women live at      's grand daughter  Crooked Hillary Clinton deleted 33
I am going to repeal and replace ObamaCare. We will have MUCH less expensive and MUCH better healthcare. With Hillary
You can change your vote in six states. So
Join me in Florida tomorrow!








Thank you for your incredible support Wisconsin and Governor ! It is time to  &amp; ! RT  Join  LIVE in Wisconsin with Gov. 
WikiLeaks emails reveal Podesta urging Clinton camp to 'dump' emails. 


'Podesta urged Clinton team to hand over emails after use of private server emerged' Mika Brzezinski Dem Criticism of Comey Reinforcing Idea Theres Something There'

Hillary Advisers Wanted Her To Avoid Supporting Israel When Talking To Democrats Trump promises special session to repeal Obamacare 'Kept me out of jail' Top DOJ official involved in Clinton probe represented her campaign chairman . is a very good man. Help him win his congressional seat in California.
 Governor _pence and I were in Valley Forge
So terrible that Crooked didn't report she got the debate questions from Donna Brazile
JOIN ME TOMORROW IN FLORIDA!








Crooked Hillary should not be allowed to run for president. She deleted 33
Wow
Look at the way Crooked Hillary is handling the e-mail case and the total mess she is in. She is unfit to be president. Bad judgement!
Wow! I hear you Warren

  Thank you Grand Rapids
$25 Million+ raised online in just one week! RECORD WEEK.  Today we set a bigger record. Contribute &gt;Legendary basketball coach Bobby Knight who has 900+ wins
'Hillary's Two Official Favors To Morocco Resulted In $28 Million For Clinton Foundation' 

Join me tomorrow in Michigan!






Beautiful rally in Albuquerque

 I follow Mr.Trump at all of his rallies by watching them on Thank you Greeley
Thank you Las Vegas
See you tomorrow Michigan!





Wow
Hillary and the Dems loved and praised FBI Director Comey just a few days ago. Original evidence was overwhelming
We are now leading in many polls
Great day in Colorado &amp; Arizona. Will be in Nevada

THANK YOU Phoenix
So nice - great Americans outside Trump Tower right now. Thank you! Departing Golden

 Tomorrow!




 In my mind
I am in Colorado - big day planned - but nothing can be as big as yesterday!
Join me in Colorado at 12pm tomorrow - or Arizona at 3pm!




Thank you Maine
 BOMBSHELL FBI reopening its investigation into HillaryClinton's email server after new discovery!
Just landed in Iowa - speaking soon!
We must not let  take her CRIMINAL SCHEME into the Oval Office.  Just out Neera Tanden
RT _REPORT WSJ  The Cold Clinton Reality... Heading to New Hampshire. Will be talking about the disaster known as ObamaCare!
If my people said the things about me that Podesta &amp; Hillary's people said about her
Join me tonight in Cedar Rapids


  FBI must be outraged that their hands r tied she has no regard or t secret service
RT _REPORT WSJ  Grifters-in-Chief...  Thank you Geneva

Join  on Facebook &amp; watch tonight's rally from Geneva
Crooked Hillary launched her political career by letting terrorists off the hook.   People in Arizona just got a taste of Obamacare with a 116% increase in premiums.  Repeal and replace!
I will be interviewed on  tonight at 800 P.M. Enjoy!
I delivered a speech in Charlotte
Join me live in Toledo

Join me in Cedar Rapids

 I agree- To all Americans
Thank you Springfield

Join me live in Springfield

Inside Bill Clinton Inc. Hacked memo reveals intersection of charity and personal income. !

JOIN ME! 









I agree
Clinton Foundations Fundraisers Pressed Donors to Steer Business to Former President

Ron Fournier Clinton Used Secret Server To Protect 

'WikiLeaks Drip-Drop Releases Prove One Thing There's No Nov. 8 Deadline on Clinton's Dishonesty and Scandals'

A lot of call-ins about vote flipping at the voting booths in Texas. People are not happy. BIG lines. What is going on?
Obamacare is a disaster. We must REPEAL &amp; REPLACE. Tired of the lies
RT  Tune into  right now to catch a great interview with my father &amp; the entire family!   Beautiful evening in Kinston
Thank you Charlotte
Hillary said she was under sniper fire (while surrounded by USSS.) Turned out to be a total lie. She is not fit to JOIN ME IN OHIO TOMORROW!







REPEAL AND REPLACE OBAMACARE!
Thank you Tallahassee

Thank you Sanford
REPEAL AND REPLACE!!! 

I have met &amp; spent a lot of time with families  The Remembrance Project. I will fight for them everyday! Get your ballots in Colorado - I will see you soon  and we will win!

'Obama Warned Of Rigged Elections In 2008.' Time to 

Obamacare is a disaster. Rates going through the sky - ready to explode. I will fix it. Hillary can't!

Truly honored to receive the first ever presidential endorsement from the Bay of Pigs Veterans Association.  Obamacare is a disaster - as I've been saying from the beginning. Time to repeal &amp; replace! 

 Obamacare is a disaster! Time to repeal &amp; replace!  

  Get out and vote! I am your voice and I will fight for you! We will make America great again! Key Obamacare premiums to jump 25% next year

 premiums are about to SKYROCKET - again. Crooked H will only make it worse. We will repeal &amp; replace! As election looms

Record crowd in Tampa
Thank you Bobby Bowden for the intro tonight and your support! I hope I can do as well for Florida as you have done! My contract with the American voter will restore honesty
Peter Navarro 'Trump the Bull vs. Clinton the Bear'  

'Democratic operative caught on camera Hillary PERSONALLY ordered 'Donald Duck' troll campaign that broke the law'

Join me tomorrow in Sanford or Tallahassee






THANK YOU St. Augustine
Join me LIVE on my Facebook page in St. Augustine
Honored to receive an endorsement from  - thank you! Together
'Hillary Clinton Had Gun Control Supporters Planted In Town Hall Audience' Leaving West Palm Beach
'The Clinton Foundations Most Questionable Foreign Donations'


Departing Farmers Round Table in Boynton Beach

Get out to VOTE on 11/8/2016- and we will !



We are winning and the press is refusing to report it. Don't let them fool you- get out and vote!  on November 8th!
Why has nobody asked Kaine about the horrible views emanated on WikiLeaks about Catholics? Media in the tank for Clinton but Trump will win!
Major story that the Dems are making up phony polls in order to suppress the the Trump . We are going to WIN!
Wow
'Clinton Ally Aided Campaign of FBI Officials Wife' 'Clinton Charity Got Up To $56 Million From Nations That Are Anti-Women

Thank you Naples


The attack on Mosul is turning out to be a total disaster. We gave them months of notice. U.S. is looking so dumb. VOTE TRUMP and WIN AGAIN!
  Join me in Naples
Remember - get out on November 8th &amp; VOTE . It is time to   this is our last chance! Former Prosecutor The Clintons Are So Corrupt

Thank you Las Vegas Review Journal! 

Well
If you can't run your own house you certainly can't run the White House A statement made by Mrs. Obama about Crooked Hillary Clinton
Thank you for the massive turnout tonight- Cleveland

WikiLeaks 'Clinton-Kaine Even Lied About Timing of Veep Pick'

'Trump lays out policies for first 100 days in White House'

'Huma Abedin told Clinton her secret email account caused problems'

Just arrived in Cleveland
Hillary Clinton 'Architect of failure'


Unbelievable crowd of supporters in Virginia Beach
In order to  &amp; create a new GOVERNMENT of
Today I introduced my Contract with the American Voter - our economy will be STRONG &amp; our people will be SAFE. Change has to come from outside our very broken system.  Crooked Hillary Clinton Tops Middle East Forums Islamist Money List'

Thank you Gettysburg
Landing in Pennsylvania now. Great new poll this morning
Will be in Cleveland


 I  for DonaldTrump!          Best way to pay Hillary back for what she did to   is a DonaldTrump LANDSLIDE The media refuses to talk about the three new national polls that have me in first place. Biggest crowds ever - watch what happens!
Just returned from Pennsylvania where we will be bringing back their jobs. Amazing crowd. Will be going back tomorrow
Governor _Pence and I will be in Cleveland

Thank you to the great crowd of supporters in Newtown
 sending U.S. intelligence info. to Podestas hacked email is unquestionably an OPSEC violation WikiLeaks reveals Clinton camps work with VERY friendly and malleable reporters 


Donna Brazile Shreds Obama Economy - Acting DNC chair says 'people are more in despair about how things are' {Crooked Hillary Clinton} created this mess

'Clinton Campaign And Harry Reid Worked With New York Times To Smear State Dept Watchdog'


VERY IRONIC In 2010 video

Great crowd in Johnstown
A top Clinton Foundation official said he could name 500 different examples of conflicts of interest. 

 was at center of negotiating $12M commitment from King Mohammed VI of Morocco to Clinton Fdn. Great crowd in Fletcher
The results are in on the final debate and it is almost unanimous
Huma calls it a MESS

Hillary &amp; Obama's Broken Promises. 

In addition to those without health coverage- those that have disastrous  are seeing MASSIVE PREMIUM INCR When Obama took office in 2009 employer-provided premiums cost $13
Crooked Hillary promised 200k jobs in NY and FAILED. We'll create 25M jobs when I'm president
Crooked took MILLIONS from oppressive ME countries. Will she give the $$$ back? Probably not. Don't forget her slog 'Trump won the third debate'

UPCOMING RALLIES - JOIN ME!








 - OHIO RALLY!

On behalf of the entire family
Want access to Crooked Hillary? Don't forget - it's going to cost you!

Thank you Delaware County
If elected POTUS - I will stop RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM in this country! In order to do this
Why didn't Hillary Clinton announce that she was inappropriately given the debate questions - she secretly used them! Crooked Hillary.
Thank you America! 




Just landed in Ohio. Thank you America- I am honored to win the final debate for our MOVEMENT. It is time to Totally dishonest Donna Brazile chokes on the truth. Highly illegal! 

The Washington Times Presidential Debate Poll



Join the MOVEMENT to !

Great poll - thank you America! Once we 
That was really exciting. Made all of my points. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Join my team over on my Facebook page- live now! 

The era of division is coming to an end. We will create a new future of . First
We cannot take four more years of Barack Obama and thats what youll get if you vote for Hillary. 
I started this campaign to Make America Great Again. Thats what Im going to do.  
HILLARY'S HEALTH CARE POLICIES

We have to repeal &amp; replace ! Look at what is doing to people!  . is going to cut taxes BIG LEAGUE  Crooked is going to raise taxes BIG LEAGUE!  ISIS has infiltrated countries all over Europe by posing as refugees
The economy cannot take four more years of these same failed policies.

Together we can save American JOBS
USA has the greatest business people in the world but we let political hacks negotiate our deals. We need change!  
I WILL DEFEAT ISIS. THEY HAVE BEEN AROUND TOO LONG! What has our leadership been doing?

After Crooked  allowed ISIS to rise
What They Are Saying About 's GREAT Debate and 's Bad Performance Her instincts are suboptimal.

I opposed going into Iraq. Hillary voted for it. As with everything else she's supported
  Bernie Sanders on HRC Bad Judgement. John Podesta on HRC Bad Instincts.  
HILLARY FAILED ALL OVER THE WORLD.   







Hillary says take back Mosul? We would have NEVER lost Mosul- if it wasn't for .  You should give the money back !  Crookeds top aides were MIRED in massive conflicts of interests at the State Dept. We MUST  LIVE FACT-CHECK Trump's RIGHT. The Clinton Foundation has taken MILLIONS from the Middle East.  Crooked 's foundation is a CRIMINAL ENTERPRISE. Time to !  Moderator Respectfully
. loves to lie. America has had enough of the CLINTON'S! It is time to ! Debates She'll say anything and change NOTHING!   I will do more in the first 30 days in office than Hillary has done in the last 30 years!   Crooked's camp incited violence at my rallies. These incidents weren't spontaneous - like she claimed in Benghazi!  is nothing more than a Wall Street PUPPET!   Brought to you by  &amp; her campaign- in Chicago

. will do more in the first 30 days in office than Hillary has done in the last 30 years!  Our country is stagnant. Weve lost jobs and business. We dont make things anymore b/c of the bill Hillarys husband signed and she blessed
Crooked Hillary has never created a job in her life. We will create 25 million jobs. Think she can do that? Not a c . has been doing this for THIRTY YEARS....where has she been? 
 gives Obama an A for an economic recovery thats the slowest since WWII...  THE CHOICE IS CLEAR!

I will renegotiate NAFTA. If I cant make a great deal
's plan will add $1.15 TRILLION in new taxes. We cannot afford her!   This is what we can expect from . More Taxes. More Spending.     .'s tax hikes will CRUSH our economy. I will cut taxes  BIG LEAGUE. . talking about jobs? Remember what she promised upstate New York. 

. has been a foreign policy DISASTER for the American people. I will   Moderator Hillary plan calls for more regulation and more government spending.  
.- you have failed

Hillary has called for 550% more Syrian immigrants
Hey  - WE AGREE!

Moderator Hillary paid $225
TRUMP &amp; CLINTON ON IMMIGRATION

Hillary is too weak to lead on border security-no solutions
. wants a SAFE America w/ stronger borders
Plain &amp; Simple We should only admit into this country those who share our VALUES and RESPECT our people. One of my first acts as President will be to deport the drug lords and then secure the border.  
Hillary Clinton will use American tax dollars to provide amnesty for thousands of illegals. I will put Drugs are pouring into this country. If we have no border
 

. is PRO-LIFE
It is so imperative that we have the right justices.   . lists litany of ways she plans to restrict gun rights. 2A will not survive a Hillary presidency.  
. will PROTECT and DEFEND the Constitution    The 2nd Amendment is under siege. We need SCOTUS judges who will uphold the US Constitution.  
Hillary Clinton wants to create the most liberal Supreme Court in history   Ready to lead. Ready to Make America Great Again.  
This is an incredible MOVEMENT- WE are going to take our country BACK!    Tune in at I will be handing over my Twitter account to my team of deplorables for tonight's 

UNBELIEVABLE!

'Over 250

Join my team tonight at 830pmE!

I will issue a lifetime ban against senior executive branch officials lobbying on behalf of a FOREIGN GOVERNMENT! I am going to expand the definition of LOBBYIST - so we close all the LOOPHOLES!  Obamacare premiums increasing 33% in Pennsylvania - a complete disaster. It must be repealed and replaced! 'Hillary Clinton Deleted Emails With Her Email Server Technician'

Join me in Delaware

'Top Hillary Adviser Mocked

'Dem Operative Who Oversaw Trump Rally Agitators Visited White House 342 Times'  

'State works hard
'Scandals surround Clinton's gatekeeper at State'

The State Department's 'shadow government'  

More Anti-Catholic Emails From Team Clinton It is time to !

Food Groups  Emails Show Clinton Campaign Organized Potential VPs By Race And Gender  

Time to  in Washington
Hillary is the most corrupt person to ever run for the presidency of the United States.  'Clinton Campaign Tried to Limit Damage From Classified Info on Email Server'  

'Trump rally disrupter was once on Clinton's payroll'

Thank you Colorado Springs. If Im elected President I am going to keep Radical Islamic Terrorists out of our count FL
It is time to  in Washington
Hillarys Aides Urged Her to Take Foreign Lobbyist Donation And Deal With Attacks Nevada A quick reminder that today is your last day to register to vote! If we let Crooked run the govt
Pay-to-play. Collusion. Cover-ups. And now bribery? So CROOKED. I will . I will Make Our Government Honest Again  believe me. But first
 41% of American voters believe the  election could be stolen from DonaldTrump due to widespread voter fraud. - Politico
Great night in WI. Im going to fight for every person in this country who believes government should serve the PEO Donald J. Trump Ethics Reform Plan For Washington D.C.

EXCLUSIVE FBI Agents Say Comey Stood In The Way Of Clinton Email Investigation

Get rich quick! Crooked Hillary Clinton's pay to play guide Yet more evidence of a media-rigged election My wife
I will sign the first bill to repeal  and give Americans many choices and much lower rates!
Trump Virginia Office Announces Statewide TV Ad Strategy and Leadership Team Join me in Colorado Springs

Crooked Hillary colluded w/FBI and DOJ and media is covering up to protect her. It's a ! Our country d New polls are good because the media has deceived the public by putting women front and center with made-up stories and lies
Journalists shower Hillary Clinton with campaign cash

State Department official accused of offering 'quid pro quo' in Clinton email scandal Our thoughts are with the forces fighting ISIS in Iraq. We must never back down against this extreme radical Islami Wow
CORRUPTION CONFIRMED FBI confirms State Dept. offered 'quid pro quo' to cover up classified emails

Voter fraud! Crooked Hillary Clinton even got the questions to a debate
Unbelievable. BREAKING State Department's Kennedy pressured FBI to unclassify Clinton emails FBI documents

WikiLeaks proves even the Clinton campaign knew Crooked mishandled classified info
We have all got to come together and win this election. We can't have four more years of Obama (or worse!).
Of course there is large scale voter fraud happening on and before election day. Why do Republican leaders deny what is going on? So naive!
 Peter Thiel chooses now to give $1.25mil in support of Trump  Trump accuser praised him in an email as recently as April! This is all yet another hoax.  Watch Joe Biden's Long History Of Grabbing
Can't believe these totally phoney stories
ALL SAFE IN ORANGE COUNTY
Animals representing Hillary Clinton and Dems in North Carolina just firebombed our office in Orange County because we are winning 
Wow
Finally
Paul Ryan
The Democrats have a corrupt political machine pushing crooked Hillary Clinton. We have Paul Ryan
Join me in Wisconsin tomorrow or Colorado on Tuesday!



The vast majority felt she should be prosecuted...  even senior FBI officials thought Crooked was guilty. 

The election is absolutely being rigged by the dishonest and distorted media pushing Crooked Hillary - but also at many polling places - SAD
We've all wondered how Hillary avoided prosecution for her email scheme. Wikileaks may have found the answer. Obama! Hillary's staff thought her email scandal might just blow over. Who would trust these people with national security? A country that Crooked Hillary says has funded ISIS also gave Wild Bill $1 million for his birthday? SO CORRUPT! They let Crooked &amp; the Gang off the hook for the crime
Election is being rigged by the media
Polls close
Watched Saturday Night Live hit job on me.Time to retire the boring and unfunny show. Alec Baldwin portrayal stinks. Media rigging election!
  Go Mr. Trump! Israel is behind you!
Thank you for sharing Amy. A great day in New Hampshire and Maine. Fantastic crowds and energy! 
Thank you Bangor
The failing  reporters don't even call us anymore
Nothing ever happened with any of these women. Totally made up nonsense to steal the election. Nobody has more respect for women than me!
The MOVEMENT in Portsmouth
Landing in New Hampshire soon to talk about the massive drug problem there
The truth is a beautiful weapon. Mr. Trump removing the broken teleprompter in North Carolina-in front of a massive crowd. He goes on&amp;delivers the b Hillary Clinton should have been prosecuted and should be in jail. Instead she is running for president in what looks like a rigged election
Will be in Bangor

This election is being rigged by the media pushing false and unsubstantiated charges
100% fabricated and made-up charges
Thank you !

Thank you Charlotte
Make sure you're registered to vote! Let's ! We can't afford more years of FAILURE! All info Thank you for your support Greensboro

WHAT THEY ARE SAYING ABOUT THE CLINTON CAMPAIGNS ANTI-CATHOLIC BIGOTRY 

Thank you to our U.S. Navy for protecting our country
Join me live in Cincinnati


Join me in Greensboro

Dem Gov. of MN. just announced that the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) is no longer affordable. I've been saying this for years- disaster!
This is a crossroads in the history of our civilization that will determine whether or not We The People reclaim c Great event in Columbus- taking off for Cincinnati now. Great new Ohio poll out- thank you!



Just left a great rally in Florida - now heading to Ohio for two more. Will be there soon.
I am making a major speech in West Palm Beach
Thank you!   Join me in Ohio &amp; Maine!


The phony story in the failing  is a TOTAL FABRICATION. Written by same people as last discredited story on women. WATCH!
Why didn't the writer of the twelve year old article in People Magazine mention the incident in her story. Because it did not happen!
I will be in Cincinnati

The MOVEMENT in Lakeland
The people of Cuba have struggled too long. Will reverse Obama's Executive Orders and concessions towards Cuba until freedoms are restored.
PAY TO PLAY POLITICS. 

Very little pick-up by the dishonest media of incredible information provided by WikiLeaks. So dishonest! Rigged system!
Crooked Hillary Clinton likes to talk about the things she will do but she has been there for 30 years - why didn't she do them?
Thank you Florida- a MOVEMENT that has never been seen before and will never be seen again. Lets get out &amp; Join me Thursday in Florida &amp; Ohio!




Wow
Thank you Texas! If you haven't registered to VOTE- today is your last day. Go to VOTER REGISTRATION DEADLINES TODAY. You can register now at DON'T LET HER FOOL US AGAIN. Crooked's State Dept gave special attention to Friends of Bill after the Haiti Earthquake. Unbelievable! I hope people are looking at the disgraceful behavior of Hillary Clinton as exposed by WikiLeaks. She is unfit to run.
In Texas now
The very foul mouthed Sen. John McCain begged for my support during his  primary (I gave
13 states have voter registration deadlines TODAY FL


Wow. Unbelievable. Disloyal R's are far more difficult than Crooked Hillary. They come at you from all sides. They dont know how to win - I will teach them!
With the exception of cheating Bernie out of the nom the Dems have always proven to be far more loyal to each other than the Republicans!
It is so nice that the shackles have been taken off me and I can now fight for America the way I want to.
Our very weak and ineffective leader
Despite winning the second debate in a landslide (every poll)
Thank you Pennsylvania. This is a MOVEMENT like we have never seen before!  on 11/8/16- together
Is this really America? Terrible! Wow
Debate polls look great - thank you!

CNN is the worst - fortunately they have bad ratings because everyone knows they are biased. Paul Ryan should spend more time on balancing the budget
Thank you for all of the great comments on the debate last night. Very exciting!
Thank you St. Louis


RT _pence Congrats to my running mate  on a big debate win! Proud to stand with you as we .
RT  RT if you agree  WON the - BIG LEAGUE!  RT  Someone please fact check her coal comments. Give me a break. 
RT  Its US vs. them!  will fight for you!  
MY PRO-GROWTH Econ Plan




Hypocrite  is the single biggest beneficiary of Citizens United in history
RT  Ironic since Hillary has gotten a lot more of that dark unaccountable money into her campaign. 
RT  She calls our people deplorable and irredeemable. I will be a president for ALL of our people. -  
RT  After a decent first debate
Our country has the slowest growth since 1929.  
RT  WE LOVE OUR DEPLORABLES!!!
True
 How can you unite a country if youve written off tens of millions of Americans?   
This country cannot take four more years of Barack Obama! 
We agree -


If  is president
FACT  on red line in Syria HRC I wasnt there. Fact line drawn in Aug 12. HRC Secy of State til Feb 13. In my administration
RT  It's hard to fight terrorism when you're making cash payments to the world's LARGEST state sponsor of TERROR. Under Trump N
RT  . had her chance and she BLEW IT.   RT  We are going to be THRIVING again. -    We cannot let this evil continue!  This is the definition of ransom  RT  Is  debating Crooked  or the moderators
The world is most peaceful
Here are Hillary Clinton's accomplishments at the State Department.

RT   wants to talk about her 30 years in service. How about her 30 years of FLOPSFLOPS?!  
RT  . is RAISING your taxes to a disastrous level.  is going to LOWER your taxes - BIG LEAGUE! 
History lesson Theres a big difference between Hillary Clinton and Abraham Lincoln. For one
We're going to cut taxes BIG LEAGUE for the middle class. She's raising your taxes and I'm lowering your taxes!

YOU NEED BOTH A PUBLIC AND A PRIVATE POSITION

Hypocrite!  claims she needs a public and a private stance in discussions with Wall Street banks. 
I hope when the MSM runs its interruption counters they consider the  of times the moderators interrupted me com . - ITS CALLED EXTREME VETTING!  . - WE ARE NOT IN A NARRATIVE FIGHT.

RT  ONLY  will end what even  called a CRAZY SYSTEM.    has FAILED all over the world!  

RT  ATTN  - Why did five of your staffers need FBI IMMUNITY?!  
. is NOT above the law!

RT  We agree with Bill
.  Bill clarified what he meant when calling Obamacare a disaster. Actually disaster is pretty clear. 
We must repeal Obamacare and replace it with a much more competitive
Obama and Clinton told the same lie to sell .  ATTN  - Why did five of your staffers need FBI IMMUNITY?!  
Hillarys 33
Basically nothing Hillary has said about her secret server has been true. 
If I win-I am going to instruct my AG to get a special prosecutor to look into your situation bc there's never been anything like your lies.
RT  RT if you believe  is the one who owes America an apology!   Donald J. Trump's History Of Empowering Women 

Theres never been anyone more abusive to women in politics than Bill Clinton.My words were unfortunate-the Clintons actions were far worse
RT  Quite simply
True
Im not proud of my locker room talk. But this world has serious problems. We need serious leaders.  
RT  . is here to talk about the REAL issues   Its this simple. Make America Great Again.  
RT  . just claimed she has a positive
My team of deplorables will be taking over my Twitter account for tonight's 

Join me on  as I conclude my final  preparations. The Palestinian terror attack today reminds the world of the grievous perils facing Israeli citizens....continued

Exclusive VideoBroaddrick

LA Times- USC Dornsife Sunday Poll Donald Trump Retains 2 Point Lead Over Hillary

So many self-righteous hypocrites. Watch their poll numbers - and elections - go down!
  This Black Democrat is on the TRUMP TRAIN!!
  GOP traitors! Not supporting U is voting for her
  politicians don't count. It's the people. We are behind trump all the way to White House.
   Republican leadership should have only one job Help elect the nominee we voted for
  I am a woman who continues to support &amp; stand with !  EXCLUSIVE  Video Interview Bill Clinton Accuser Juanita Broaddrick Relives Brutal Rapes

Tremendous support (except for some Republican leadership). Thank you.
Thank you to my great supporters in Wisconsin. I heard that the crowd and enthusiasm was unreal!
RT  Hillary calls Trump's remarks horrific while she lives with and protects a Rapist.  Her actions are horrific.
RT  How many times must it be said? Actions speak louder than words. DT said bad things!HRC threatened me after BC raped me.
The media and establishment want me out of the race so badly -  I WILL NEVER DROP OUT OF THE RACE
Certainly has been an interesting 24 hours!
Here is my statement. Thoughts &amp; prayers with the millions of people in the path of Hurricane Matthew. Look out for neighbors
 Trump speaking in exact same tone he did in Waterville Valley on 12/1. The night I first realized he was gonna be GOP nominee
New National Rasmussen Poll Thank you Tennessee!  VOTE  on 11/8/16! 'Donald Trump A President for All Americans' Volunteer to be a Trump Election Observer. Sign up today!


RT  Great group at our Victory Office in Columbus
RT  Thank you Angie Phillips for inviting me to tour your plant Middletown Tube Works.  Praying for everyone in Florida. Hoping the hurricane dissipates
New Virginia poll- thank you! We are going to show the whole world that America is back  BIGGER
Pennsylvania poll just released. Two rallies there on Mon- join me!


Nation's Immigration And Customs Enforcement Officers (ICE) Make First-Ever Presidential Endorsement

Such a great honor! 

Amazing rally in Reno
Reuters polling just out- thank you!

Thank you South Carolina! Everyone has to get out and VOTE on 11/8/16. 

EARLY VOTING MN &amp; IA already underway
'Small business says Trump is their pick for president'

Thank you  for your kind remarks on the important issue of PTSD and the dishonest media. Great to be in Arizona yesterday!
Bill Clinton is right Obamacare is 'crazy'
Thank you Henderson
About to begin a rally here in Henderson
Beautiful morning- thank you ! The constant interruptions last night by Tim Kaine should not have been allowed. Mike Pence won big!
Mike Pence won big. We should all be proud of Mike!
RT _pence History teaches us that weakness arouses evil. America needs to be strong on the world stage.  RT  RT if you agree -  &amp;  are WRONG for America!   RT  .'s Abortion Flip-Flops From Valuing The Sanctity of Life &gt; Pro-Abortion Demagogue    Cannot believe how often the moderator interrupts  vs the other guy...so obvious   So true!
  ..Kaine is awful
Clintons Top Aides Were Mired In Conflict Of Interest At The State Department 
 _CFJ_  That is a reason to NOT Vote for Hillary Clinton. Vote for Liberty! Vote for 
. Careless Use Of A Secret Server Put National Security At Risk 
CLINTON IS WEAK ON NORTH KOREA

RT  Obama-Clinton FAILED foreign policy


True
RT  . &amp;  think you're  &amp; .  &amp; _pence think you're PATR
CLINTONS CLOSE TIES TO PUTIN DESERVE SCRUTINY

Sanctions Relief From Clinton-Obama Iran Nuclear Deal Likely Go to Terrorists

. is wrong for defense 


ICYMI PENCE I RAN A STATE THAT WORKED; KAINE RAN A STATE THAT FAILED. . is the ANTI-DEFENSE SENATOR.   RT  We need STRONG
CLINTONS FLAILING SYRIA POLICY WAS JUDGED A FAILURE

RT  In 's own words   ._pence and I will defeat .

WHAT THEY ARE SAYING ABOUT MIKE PENCE DOMINATING THE DEBATE

I agree Mike - thank you to all of our law enforcement officers!  



. Sneers At Millions Of Average Americans.


RT  Police officers are the BEST of us. Law enforcement in this country is a force for GOOD. - _pence  
   Pence is so prepared! He did his homework to outperform Kaine.
RT  Law enforcement officers bring communities together &amp; keep us safe. _pence &amp;  RESPECT &amp; stand by them!
RT  . wants to tough on crime - fails to talk about defending rapists and murders 
. oversaw unemployment INCREASE by 179
    good!!
  No she only gets  killed  - we need  
  Loving _pence he's so likeable and sensible. Kaine is just talking bull!
_lcnixon67  Kaine says Hillary and he have plans. She could care less what Kaine thinks.
 I want a you're fired president with people in Govt who are WASTING my tax $'s. 
._pence is doing a great job - so far
 ._pence &amp;  are PROVEN job creators and are prepared to bring JOBS BACK to the American people!
   Kaine looks like an evil crook out of the Batman movies
   I agree. Kaine looks like a fool!!
RT  . has a pay-to-play problem just like Crooked    _joey   is so angry. Our _pence looks great. kaine can't defend all those lies 
RT _pence Theres one clear choice in this election to create jobs and grow the American economy.  RT  Pence is right. Clinton &amp; Obama tried to negotiate an Iraq troop extension but failed. Bush admin always anticipated such an
  is so much more likeable than Kaine  
  Great opening Pence
 _pence Wow
.- I am in Nevada. Sorry to inform you Kellyanne is in the audience. Better luck next time.
Both are looking good! Now we begin!
Here we go - Enjoy!
I will be live-tweeting the V.P. Debate. Very exciting! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Wow
Wow
Join the MOVEMENT!

Thank you ARIZONA! This is a MOVEMENT like nobody has ever seen before. Together
My childcare plan makes a difference for working families - more money
I will be watching the great Governor _Pence and live tweeting the VP debate tonight starting at 830pm est! Enjoy!
Join me in Reno

Join me in Reno

Thank you Colorado! 


We must bring the truth directly to hard-working Americans who want to take our country back.  Thank you Pueblo


Join me in Henderson

Just announced that Iraq (U.S.) is preparing for battle to reclaim Mosul. Why do they have to announce this? Makes mission much harder!
Melania and I extend our warmest greetings to those observing Rosh Hashanah here in the United States
Bernie should pull his endorsement of Crooked Hillary after she decieved him and then attacked him and his supporters.
 .  There will be MASSIVE turnout for you
I have created tens of thousands of jobs and will bring back great American prosperity. Hillary has only created jobs at the FBI and DOJ!
I know our complex tax laws better than anyone who has ever run for president and am the only one who can fix them. 
Heading to Pennsylvania for a big rally tonight. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Wow
The so-called Commission on Presidential Debates admitted to us that the DJT audio &amp; sound level was very bad. So why didn't they fix it?
I won the debate if you decide without watching the totally one-sided spin that followed. This despite the really bad microphone.
Crooked H is nasty to Sanders supporters behind closed doors. Owned by Wall St and Politicians
I believe in  and that means FAMILY FIRST! My childcare plan reflects the needs of modern working-clas Thank you Novi
Thank you for your support - on my way now! See you soon.  Join me in Pueblo

For those few people knocking me for tweeting at three o'clock in the morning
Why isn't Hillary 50 points ahead? Maybe it's the email scandal
The people are really smart in cancelling subscriptions to the Dallas &amp; Arizona papers &amp; now USA Today will lose readers! The people get it!
Remember
Did Crooked Hillary help disgusting (check out sex tape and past) Alicia M become a U.S. citizen so she could use her in the debate?
Using Alicia M in the debate as a paragon of virtue just shows that Crooked Hillary suffers from BAD JUDGEMENT! Hillary was set up by a con.
Wow
Anytime you see a story about me or my campaign saying sources said
Wow
While Hillary profits off the rigged system
Thank you for joining me this afternoon

Join me in Manheim

My condolences to those involved in today's horrible accident in NJ and my deepest gratitude to all of the amazing first responders.
Will be in Novi
Join me in Bedford
Thank you Waukesha


Joining  from Waukesha
Join me live in Waukesha

Thank you Council Bluffs
RT  She put the office of Sec of State up for sale. If she ever got the chance
An honor to meet with the Polish American Congress in Chicago this morning!  

Melania and I extend our deepest condolences to the family of Shimon Peres...Join me in Council Bluffs

Every on-line poll
My supporters are the best! $18 million from hard-working people who KNOW what we can be again! Shatter the record Unbelievable evening in Melbourne
Join me for a 3pm rally - tomorrow at the Mid-America Center in Council Bluffs
Once again
RT  On National 
Hillary Clinton's Campaign Continues To Make  Claims About Foundation Disclosure 

'CNBC

Great afternoon in Little Havana with Hispanic community leaders. Thank you for your support!  In the last 24 hrs. we have raised over $13M from online donations and National Call Day
Well
Thank you for your endorsement

Such a great honor. Final debate polls are in - and the MOVEMENT wins!

'U.S. Murders Increased 10.8% in 2015' via  Thank you!   

Hillary's been failing for 30 years in not getting the job done - it will never change.
'True blue-collar billionaire Donald Trump shows Hillary Clinton is out of touch' The  trend on Twitter right now is  - thank you!
I won every poll from last nights Presidential Debate - except for the little watched  poll.
'How Trump won over a bar full of undecideds and Democrats'

I really enjoyed the debate last night.Crooked Hillary says she is going to do so many things.Why hasn't she done them in her last 30 years?
Great debate poll numbers - I will be on  at 700 to discuss. Enjoy!
Thank you! Four new  polls with the MOVEMENT winning. Together
._REPORT's First Presidential Debate Poll



Thank you! CNBC  poll with over 400



TIME  poll - over 800

. just said a historic victory for Trump. NICE!
Wow
Thank you Governor ! 

Thank you Governor _Pence!


Thank you Senator !

. Nuclear Agreement Paved The Way For The $400 Million Ransom Payment 

Nothing on emails. Nothing on the corrupt Clinton Foundation. And nothing on .  
. - Obama  Strategy Has Allowed It To Expand To Become A Global Threat  RT  . calling out 's support for NAFTA = most searched moment during tonight's debate. 
Russia has more warheads than ever
Hillary Clinton failed all over the world. 







RT  100% TRUE &gt;  is right -  did call TPP the gold standard  
True
Hillary Clinton is the only candidate on stage who voted for the Iraq War.   .'s 2008 Campaign And Supporters Trafficked In Rumors About Obama's Heritage  

RT  Hillary's policies have made America less safe
RT  Jesse Jackson on  - when he donated space for the Rainbow/Push Coalition. 
True
I will stand with police and protect ALL Americans!   RT  When  is POTUS
RT  WATCH  on the stakes in this election  This is the simple fact about  she is a typical politician - all talk
HILLARY'S BAD TAX HABIT! A Clinton economy = more taxes and more spending!  . has been part of the rigged DC system for 30 years? Why would we take policy advice from her? 
Instead of driving jobs and wealth away
. channels John Kerry on trade she was for bad trade deals before she was against them.  
. and Obama policies increased debt by $9trillion over the last 8 years
RT  A  Administration will bring JOBS BACK!  Why isn't Hillary Clinton 50 points ahead?

RT  Join  on his official social media platforms during tonight's debate ~ as  manages rapid response
My team of deplorables will be managing my Twitter account for this evenings debate. Tune in!

RT   showing  surging
New national Bloomberg poll just released - thank you! Join the MOVEMENT 
Really sad news The great Arnold Palmer
Five people killed in Washington State by a Middle Eastern immigrant. Many people died this weekend in Ohio from drug overdoses. N.C. riots!
Readout of my meeting with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu

Looking forward to my meeting with Benjamin Netanyahu in Trump Tower at 1000 A.M.
Bernie Sanders gave Hillary the Dem nomination when he gave up on the e-mails. That issue has only gotten bigger!
Many on the team and staff of Bernie Sanders have been treated badly by the Hillary Clinton campaign - and they like Trump on trade
Thank you Roanoke


If dopey Mark Cuban of failed Benefactor fame wants to sit in the front row
Will be back in Virginia tonight- for a 6pm rally at the Berglund Center in Roanoke. Join me! Tickets  Trump is headed for a win
The  endorsement was a wonderful surprise. I greatly appreciate his support! We will have a tremendous victory on November 8th.
Today is the day! Knock on doors and make calls with us on National Day of Action!   Crooked Hillary's bad judgement forced her to announce that she would go to Charlotte on Saturday to grandstand. Dem pols said no way
Join me in Roanoke
'How Trump Would Stimulate the U.S. Economy'

Hillary Clinton just lost every Republican she ever had
Tomorrow's the day! Knock on doors and make calls with us on National Day of Action!   RT  EXCLUSIVE How Donald Trump's 30 million followers are crashing the Internet Spoke with Governor  of North Carolina today. He is doing a tremendous job under tough circumstances.
This is more than a campaign- it is a movement. 

Join me in Roanoke

Will be on  now.
I will be interviewed from Cleveland
    I love those beautiful gals. D + S = Two amazing women!
.  Thank you!
Great new polls! Thank you Nevada
Thank you Toledo
RT  WATCH  on women who work; empowering campaign celebrates modern women.  Hopefully the violence &amp; unrest in Charlotte will come to an immediate end. To those injured
The situations in Tulsa and Charlotte are tragic. We must come together to make America safe again.
It is a MOVEMENT - not a campaign. Leaving the past behind
Thank you Kenansville
Thank you High Point
Hillary Clinton is taking the day off again
Heading to North Carolina for two big rallies. Will be there soon. We will bring jobs back where they belong!
Do people notice Hillary is copying my airplane rallies - she puts the plane behind her like I have been doing from the beginning.
Thank you Nevada! 


Thank you Georgia! 


Crooked Hillary has been fighting ISIS
Amazing rally in Florida - this is a MOVEMENT! Join us today at Together
I will be interviewed on the  - tonight from Florida
Philly FOP Chief On Presidential Endorsement Clinton Blew The Police Off' Hillary Clinton's weakness while she was Secretary of State
Once again someone we were told is ok turns out to be a terrorist who wants to destroy our country &amp; its people- how did he get thru system?
Great job once again by law enforcement! We are proud of them and should embrace them - without them
     Refugees from Syria over 10k plus more coming. Lots young males
    he's the ONLY candidate that will keep us safe!
Will be on  at 702 A.M.  Enjoy.
Terrible attacks in NY
Under the leadership of Obama &amp; Clinton
HAPPY BIRTHDAY - to the United States Air Force!! RT  more media  showing  ahead in states Pres Obama won twice. I would like to express my warmest regards
Never met but never liked dopey Robert Gates. Look at the mess the U.S. is in. Always speaks badly of his many bosses
Heading to Colorado for a big rally. Massive crowd
My lawyers want to sue the failing  so badly for irresponsible intent. I said no (for now)
The failing  has gone nuts that Crooked Hillary is doing so badly. They are willing to say anything
Crazy Maureen Dowd
Wacky 
. just doesn't get it
I never met former Defense Secretary Robert Gates. He knows nothing about me. But look at the results under his guidance - a total disaster!
Crooked Hillary wants to take your 2nd Amendment rights away. Will guns be taken from her heavily armed Secret Service detail? Maybe not!
My thoughts and prayers go out to the  &amp;  police officers- in Philadelphia. Donald Trumps birther event is the greatest trick hes ever pulled

A very interesting take from  Just arrived in Texas - have been informed two  officers have been shot. My thoughts and prayers are with them.
Just leaving Miami for Houston
Great parade in The Villages- I love you all. We will . Thank you for the incredible support-I will not forget! I am truly honored and grateful for receiving SO much support from our American heroes...I am now going to the brand new Trump International
Thank you for a great evening - Laconia

_TWEET 's hair gets the  treatment on    Tonight 
Instead of driving jobs and wealth away
Will be joining  on  at 1135pmE tonight. Enjoy!
RT  What a scary statistic! Americans are working harder and making less! We need competent leadership! I will be interviewed by  on  tonight at 8pm. Enjoy!
Full transcript of economic plan- delivered to the Economic Club of New York.  Thank you ! Thank you to all of our law enforcement officers - across America!   

Thank you for having me! I enjoyed the tour and spending time with everyone. See you soon.  Will be on  at 700 A.M. Enjoy!
  you have my vote in Pennsylvania. Trump 2016 Thank you!
I was never a fan of Colin Powell after his weak understanding of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq = disaster. We can do much better!
I will be interviewed on  tomorrow at 7am. Enjoy!
Great poll out of Nevada- thank you! See you soon.  

Great evening in Canton

Honor to have been interviewed by the very wonderful  in Detroit last week - tune in at 9pmE. Enjoy! Thank you Ohio! Just landed in Canton for a rally at the Civic Center. Join me at 7pm Thank you Florida- can't wait to see you Friday in Miami! Join me

Thank you ! 

Great poll Florida - thank you! 

Thank you Ohio - see you tonight! Russia took Crimea during the so-called Obama years. Who wouldn't know this and why does Obama get a free pass?
Why isn't President Obama working instead of campaigning for Hillary Clinton?
Thank you Rep. !

Thank you Rep. !

Thank you !

RT  Trump outlines new child-care policy proposals via the  App  seems a candidate of destiny CHILD CARE REFORMS THAT WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!


RT  Ivanka penned an Op-Ed that ran in the  this afternoon
  RT  Ivanka is joining  to outline an innovative new child care policy to support American families. Tune in to
Thank you Clive

Join us today! Together


Heading to Iowa- join me today at noon! 

Join me in Clive

 Saw ur speech on Twitter. U give me hope and optimism. I feel as though I am in the room with u. I pray 4 ur/our success.
Just got back from Asheville
Stopped by  to thank all of the tremendous men &amp; women for their hard work! Will be on  at . Enjoy!
I will be interviewed on  at 700 A.M.


The seriously failing 
Hillary Clinton just had her 47% moment. What a terrible thing she said about so many great Americans!
RT  RT if you agree We need a President who is fighting for all Americans
While Hillary said horrible things about my supporters
Really sad that Republicans would allow themselves to be used in a Clinton ad. Lindsey Graham
Wow
Will be in Missouri today with Melania for the funeral of a wonderful and truly respected woman
 Just Watched . Obviously Tony is a Total Whack Job 
Just returned from Pensacola
I havn't seen  in many years
Dummy writer 
Thank you Florida - we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Join us 
Will be delivering a major speech tonight - live on  at 810pm from Pensacola
Thank you Ohio. Together

Great honor to be endorsed by popular &amp; successful _gilmore of VA. A state that I very much want to win-THX Jim! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Henry McMaster
RT  Join  on Saturday for National Day of Action as we work to ! Jeff Zucker failed  and he is now failing .
. is unwatchable. Their news on me is fiction. They

The documentary of me that  just aired is a total waste of time. I don't even know many of the people who spoke about me. A joke!
Final poll results from NBC on last nights Commander-in-Chief Forum. Thank you!   It wasn't Matt Lauer that hurt Hillary last night. It was her very dumb answer about emails &amp; the veteran who said she should be in jail.
More poll results from last nights Commander-in-Chief Forum. 

Last nights results - in poll taken by NBC.   With Luis
Mexico has lost a brilliant finance minister and wonderful man who I know is highly respected by President Pea Nieto.
Hillary Clinton answered email questions differently last night than she has in the past. She is totally confused. Unfit to serve as .
Hillary just gave a disastrous news conference on the tarmac to make up for poor performance last night. She's being decimated by the media!
RT  Last nights winner was clear &amp; it will be proven time &amp; time again - lets !! Lets WIN!!  A rough night for Hillary Clinton  ABC News.
Wow
COMING UP   on 
Thank you to  for the nice reviews of last night.
Thank you America - great  polls! Thank you to our fantastic veterans. The reviews and polls from almost everyone of my Commander-in-Chief presentation were great. Nice!
Thank you Peter - if elected
Wow - thank you Pensacola

! 'Donald Trump leads Hillary Clinton by 19 points among military

_faKudos to  for standing up to CNN's attempt to bully you and shout you down for defending   bias
I will be interviewed on  tonight at 11pmE . Enjoy!
Thank you North Carolina- get out &amp;  on 11/8/2016!

Great meeting with military spouses in Virginia- joined by 
Thank you to all of our amazing military families
Join me in Pensacola

Thank you!   Mainstream media never covered Hillarys massive hacking

 Message for undecided voters Please wake up and vote DonaldTrump now! Trump/Pence very important save our America before too late!
Thank you!  As a tribute to the late
China wouldn't provide a red carpet stairway from Air Force One and then Philippines President calls Obama the son of a whore. Terrible!
The truly great Phyllis Schlafly
Thank you Ohio!  Heading to Youngstown
Thank you American Legion Post 610- for hosting _Pence &amp; I for a roundtable with labor leaders.    

Can you believe that the Chinese would not give Obama the proper stairway to get off his plane - fight on tarmac! President Obama &amp; Putin fail to reach deal on Syria - so what else is new? Obama is not a natural deal maker. Only makes bad deals!
  I followed you because you are a patriot &amp; support 
 I'm at a biker rally in Perry
     Trump now leads her by 2 - get real
  We need to show Americans that Hillary will KILL our Country !! Vote for Trump !!
  It defies belief the Web of Lies Hillary is spinning! One excuse after another. Then it's this
Lyin' Hillary Clinton told the FBI that she did not know the C markings on documents stood for CLASSIFIED. How can this be happening?
To the African-American community The Democrats have failed you for fifty years
The polls are close so Crooked Hillary is getting out of bed and will campaign tomorrow.Why did she hammer 13 devices and acid-wash e-mails?
The Great State of Arizona
The Republican Party needs strong and committed leaders
RT  Doesn't fit the MSM narrative - so they wont share what  did for Jesse Jackson in 1999 - so I will! https/
   CNN is so biased. Never ever watch them. Trump 2016!!
Crooked Hillary's V.P. pick said this morning that I was not aware that Russia took over Crimea. A total lie - and taken over during O term!
Wow
. is so disgusting in their bias
Great visit to Detroit church
I am returning to the Pensacola Bay Center in Florida- Friday
Thank you Great Faith Ministries International

   Great new poll Iowa - thank you!

I visited our Trump Tower campaign headquarters last night
People will be very surprised by our ground game on Nov. 8. We have an army of volunteers and people with GREAT SPIRIT! They want to !
Just heard that crazy and very dumb  had a mental breakdown while talking about me on the low ratings _Joe. Joe a mess!
I will be interviewed by  tonight at 8pm on the . Enjoy!
I am promising you a new legacy for America. We're going to create a new American future. Thank you OHIO!  Thank you for having me this morning . I enjoyed my time with everyone!  Poll numbers way up - making big progress!
Thank you to  for the great review of the speech on immigration last night. Thank you also to the great people of Arizona!
Mexico will pay for the wall!
Under a Trump administration

Hillary Clinton doesn't have the strength or the stamina to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 

There will be no amnesty!


Mexico will pay for the wall - 100%!


RT  We are Watching A Leader Who for the First Time in Three Presidencies Will Put America and Americans First! 
RT  I hear Churchill had a nice turn of phrase
Just arrived in Arizona! 

Great trip to Mexico today  - wonderful leadership and high quality people! Look forward to our next meeting.
Hillary Clinton didn't go to Louisiana
Former President Vicente Fox
Thank you Washington! Together
I have accepted the invitation of President Enrique Pena Nieto
RT  We are ALREADY LIVE in Everett

True
RT _REPORT REUTERS POLL  CLINTON
Thank you North Carolina!  Thank you America! 

 Looking forward to seeing you again! Everett to be a packed house!   _pence
From day one I said that I was going to build a great wall on the SOUTHERN BORDER
Join me this Thursday in Wilmington

Join me this Wednesday in Phoenix

  We will repeal and replace the horrible disaster known as !  Now that African-Americans are seeing what a bad job Hillary type policy and management has done to the inner-cities
Crooked Hillary's brainpower is highly overrated.Probably why her decision making is so bad or
Does anyone know that Crooked Hillary
  I know of NO ONE voting for Crooked Hillary! Her rallies are held in (blank)  &amp; she still has room.
 Thank-You Clarence Henderson for telling  you know racism &amp; it's not DonaldTrump  Crowd at Trump Rally in Akron
Inner-city crime is reaching record levels. African-Americans will vote for Trump because they know I will stop the slaughter going on!
Look how bad it is getting! How much more crime
I will be making a major speech on ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION on Wednesday in the GREAT State of Arizona. Big crowds
I think that both candidates
Today is the 53rd anniversary of the March on Washington - today we honor the enduring fight for justice
RT  Poll  vs.  among white Evangelicals. Thank you Arizona!  Join me Tuesday in Everett
  America loves Trump and _pence  praying for you every day. Stay strong.  
NATIONAL DEBT 


It was an honor to have the amazing Root family join me in Iowa. I have been so inspired by their courage &amp; bravery. Thank you Iowa!  Just landed in Iowa to attend a great event in honor of wonderful Senator . Look forward to being with all of my friends.
My condolences to Dwyane Wade and his family
Dwyane Wade's cousin was just shot and killed walking her baby in Chicago. Just what I have been saying. African-Americans will VOTE TRUMP!
  Leader  No Regard For Black Race  Crooked Hillary getting desperate. On TV bashing Trump. 
Heroin overdoses are taking over our children and others in the MIDWEST. Coming in from our southern border. We need strong border &amp; WALL!
New polls - join the MOVEMENT today.

Join us via our new  APP!  Will be in Phoenix
Thank you  Florida. Keep me updated

I will be interviewed by  

Army training slide lists Hillary Clinton as insider threat Meet the Trumpocrats Lifelong Democrats Breaking w/ Party Over Hillary to Support Donald Trump for President Hillary Clinton Deleted Emails Using Program Intended To Prevent Recovery  How quickly people forget that Crooked Hillary called African-American youth SUPER PREDATORS - Has she apologized?
I am very proud to have brought the subject of illegal immigration back into the discussion. Such a big problem for our country-I will solve
Wonderful  was attacked viciously and unfairly on  by crazy  on low ratings _Joe. Apologize!
What do African-Americans and Hispanics have to lose by going with me. Look at the poverty
Crooked Hillary will NEVER be able to solve the problems of poverty
The Clinton's are the real predators...

 Your opponent has run out of ideas
Hillary Clinton needs to address the racist undertones of her 2008 campaign.   Company Gouging Price Of EpiPens Is A Clinton Foundation Donor And Partner  Flashback Hillary Clinton Praised Former KKK Member Robert Byrd as 'Friend and Mentor' CLINTON CORRUPTION AND HER SABOTAGE OF THE INNER CITIES. 

Hillary Clinton only knows how to make a speech when it is a hit on me. No policy
HRC is using the oldest play in the Dem playbook- when their policies fail

Hillary Clinton is using race-baiting to try to get African-American voters- but they know she is all talk and NO ACTION!
Hillary Clinton's short speech is pandering to the worst instincts in our society. She should be ashamed of herself!
Just watched recap of 's speech. Very short and lies. She is the only one fear-mongering!
So many in the African-American community are doing so badly
Poll numbers are starting to look very good. Leading in Florida  Arizona and big jump in Utah. All numbers rising
_Videos ._Farage of the  fame - We CAN do this! We can  with  Thoughts and prayers to the great people of Indiana. You will prevail!
Great Governor _Pence is in Indiana to help lead the relief efforts after tornadoes struck. True leadership.
Will be on   10pE - discussing various subjects including immigration-if elected
Thank you for your support!

A great afternoon in Tampa
New national poll released. Join the MOVEMENT &amp; together we will ! 

Great new poll Florida - thank you!  I will not let the families of The Remembrance Project down! 



My thoughts and prayers are with the victims and families of those affected by two powerful earthquakes in Italy and Myanmar.
Thank you Travis County

Will be participating in a Town Hall tonight on  at 10pmE from Austin
In Austin
Join me in Tampa
President Obama should have gone to Louisiana days ago
Hillary Clinton strongly stated  that there was absolutely no connection between her private work and that of The State Department. LIE!
It is being reported by virtually everyone
I am now in Texas doing a big fundraiser for the Republican Party and a  Special on the BORDER and with victims of border crime!
The  quickly put together a hit job book on me- comprised of copies of some of their inaccurate stories. Don't buy
.'s new book
Just leaving Akron
Great meeting with active &amp; retired law enforcement officers- at the Fraternal Order of Police lodge in Akron
Statement on Clinton Foundation

Will be interviewed on  at 830 A.M. Eastern. ENJOY!
Some day
Tried watching low-rated _Joe this morning
    Trump leading LA Times poll    The ad was actually very good!
    You need to show the crowds at the rallies use Periscope! Show HC's 139 YT viewers vs DT 38K
_TM  TRUMP VICTORY IN NOVEMBER!   
  _Joe Video Hillary referring to blacks as super predators that need to be brought to heel. I heard that _Joe was very nice on Friday but that little Donny D
Crooked Hillary is flooding the airwaves with false and misleading ads - all paid for by her bosses on Wall Street. Media is protecting her!
I have been drawing very big and enthusiastic crowds
Together

  please oh please take the CHARLOTTE NC speech ACROSS the swing states .... sooo powerful  Good!
  been a great week. More of the same will get you in the white house!
We will bring America together as ONE country again  united as Americans in common purpose and common dreams. 
Will be back soon Virginia. We are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  Will be interviewed on  at 900 P.M. Enjoy!
Just leaving Virginia - really big crowd
Thank you - will see you soon.  

 200
._Graham  - so humbled by my time w/ you. You are in our thoughts &amp; prayers. We are one nation. When one hurts

? Sleeping!!!!!
Thank you Michigan. This is a MOVEMENT. We are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!  Great job by  on interview with  on .  
Thank you to everyone for all of the nice comments
The reporting at the failing  gets worse and worse by the day. Fortunately
Thank you to NC for last evenings great reception. The speech was a great success. Heading now to Louisiana &amp; another speech tonight in MI.
We are one nation. When one state hurts
Thank you Charlotte


Together
  They will soon be calling me MR. BREXIT!
I will be doing a Town Hall tonight at 1000 P.M. on  - 
Will be participating in a town hall event- hosted by  tonight at 10pmE on . Enjoy! We are going to make this a government of the people once again!


We will repeal &amp; replace 
A vote for Hillary Clinton is a vote for another generation of poverty

 

Thank you Governor  &amp;  Chairman  Priebus. 


Join me in North Carolina - tomorrow at 730pm!  

 

 

Will be on  tonight at 10pmE - delivering an important speech live from Wisconsin. 
Just as we won the Cold War

This is my pledge to the American people 'It's just a 2-point race
Another health insurer is pulling back due to 'persistent financial losses on  plans.' Only the beginning!  CLINTON REFUGEE PLAN COULD BRING IN 620
 

Certain Republicans who have lost to me would rather save face by fighting me than see the U.S.Supreme Court get proper appointments. Sad!
Stay on message is the chant. I always do - trade
I have always been the same person-remain true to self.The media wants me to change but it would be very dishonest to supporters to do so!
It is not freedom of the press when newspapers and others are allowed to say and write whatever they want even if it is completely false!
I am not only fighting Crooked Hillary
Crooked Hillary Clinton is being protected by the media. She is not a talented person or politician. The dishonest media refuses to expose!
My rallies are not covered properly by the media. They never discuss the real message and never show crowd size or enthusiasm.
If the disgusting and corrupt media covered me honestly and didn't put false meaning into the words I say
The failing 
The failing  talks about anonymous sources and meetings that never happened. Their reporting is fiction. The media protects Hillary!
_out You are a man for the people because you know what it is like to be among the people   Loves U Thanks
 We're all enjoying you
   yes you are my hero I admire you for laying down your glorious luxurious life to get beat up for America!!!
We now have confirmation as to one reason Crooked H wanted to be sure that nobody saw her e-mails - PAY-FOR-PLAY. How can she run for Pres.
 Thank you for all that you are doing for us! You campaign endlessly and have spent millions.We love you!  Thanks
I am truly enjoying myself while running for president. The people of our country are amazing - great numbers on November 8th!
The failing  has become a newspaper of fiction. Their stories about me always quote non-existent unnamed sources. Very dishonest!
Will be on  tonight at 10pm
Thank you Erie
Unbelievable support in Florida last night - thank you!  We need your support to get to the White House and defeat . Let's Make America Great Again! The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put . I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! I'm with YOU! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country.  We must put . ISIS gained tremendous strength during Hillary Clinton's term as Secretary of State. When will the dishonest media report the facts!
I love watching these poor
A massive tax increase will be necessary to fund Crooked Hillary Clinton's agenda. What a terrible (and boring) rollout that was yesterday!
 Thank you for coming to Pennsylvania today. I will be there with _Lynne_Ryan your 3rd CD delegate at 2 pm
Ratings challenged  reports so seriously that I call President Obama (and Clinton) the founder of ISIS
I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again!     People gotta stop believing media lies about Trump. That would indeed be nice!
 THE CORRUPT MEDIA CREATS CONTROVERSY AGAINST  TO AVOID ISSUES ABOUT HillaryClinton  I am counting on your help to defeat Hillary Clinton and her cronies. Let's Make America Great Again! Will be doing  tonight at 8pm. Enjoy!
This is no surprise. Constant phony reporting from failing  turns everyone off. The American people get it! Thank you Fort Lauderdale

Great job today by the NYPD in protecting the people and saving the climber.
Reuters just announced that Secret Service never spoke to me or my campaign. Made up story by  is a hoax. Totally dishonest.
 Really admire your determination Working so hard for all Americans n daily having to defend yourself from a biased Media.
! Thank you Abingdon


No such meeting or conversation ever happened - a made up story by low ratings .
Great meeting w/ coal miners &amp; leaders from the Virginia coal industry- thank you! 

I will be interviewed on  tonight at 7pm. Enjoy! My thoughts and prayers are with the two police officers shot in Sebastian County
Morning Joe's weakness is its low ratings. I don't watch anymore but I heard he went wild against Rudy Giuliani and  - sad &amp; irrelevant!
.  You were fantastic in defending both the Second Amendment and me last night on . Don Lemon is a lightweight - dumb as a rock
 Now cut off my mic! Bongino refuses to be bullied by Don Lemon over Trump
Media desperate to distract from Clinton's anti-2A stance. I said pro-2A citizens must organize and get out vote to save our Constitution!
When is the media going to talk about Hillary's policies that have gotten people killed
Thank you Senator ! 

Thank you ! 

Thank you Wilmington

RT  But there IS something we will do on  Show up and vote for the !  
RT  . is right. If  gets to pick her anti-  judges
RT _C_Icahn 2/2  How many of our presidents
RT _C_Icahn 1/2   Believe Trump gave a great speech.
Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump &amp; tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC. Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump &amp; tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC. Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump &amp; tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC. Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump &amp; tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC. Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump &amp; tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC.  Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump &amp; tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC.    Loved Trump's answers to voters questions this morning! Trump's economic plan will help  
   great interview.....all solid points on our economy TRUMP2016
I am running against the Washington insiders
Will be interviewed on  now!
Being in Detroit today was wonderful. Quick stop in Ohio to meet with some of our great supporters. Just got back home!
RT  We Can Do Better
True
'As Senator Clinton promised 200
Many people are saying that the Iranians killed the scientist who helped the U.S. because of Hillary Clinton's hacked emails.
Thank you Newt!  Thank you Congressman Steven Palazzo! Thank you Senator David Perdue!

Thank you !

Thank you - together we will !  Thank you!  Thank you Alex!  RT  . encouraged by  
My economic policy speech will be carried live at 1215 P.M. Enjoy!
Join me in Fayetteville
 Will Media Apologize to Trump? Michael Morell
The media is going crazy. They totally distort so many things on purpose. Crimea
RT _REPORT CLINTON EMAIL LED TO EXECUTION IN IRAN? I see where Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake of Baltimore is pushing Crooked hard. Look at the job she has done in Baltimore. She is a joke!
Thank you Windham
._Kudlow - 'Donald Trump Is the middle-class growth candidate'

I am not just running against Crooked Hillary Clinton
 is not fit to be our next president!  

Heading to New Hampshire - will be talking about Hillary saying her brain SHORT CIRCUITED
LIMITED EDITION signed copies of my book The Art of the Deal for your donation of $184 or more. Get YOURS today! LIMITED EDITION signed copies of my book The Art of the Deal for your donation of $184 or more. Get YOURS today! Anybody whose mind SHORT CIRCUITS is not fit to be our president! Look up the word BRAINWASHED.
Crooked Hillary said loudly
Hillary Clinton is being badly criticized for her poor performance in answering questions. Let us all see what happens!
Good luck 

'Trump is right about violent crime Its on the rise in major cities'

Thank you Green Bay
DON'T LET HILLARY CLINTON DO IT AGAIN!


Thank you Des Moines
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put .  I'm with YOU! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! As President
 RT _REPORT FORMER HOSTAGE SAYS PLANE WAITED UNTIL MONEY ARRIVED... RT _REPORT 'Win-lose deal that benefits Iran and hurts United States'... As President
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put . I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! We need your support to get to the White House and defeat . Let's Make America Great Again! As President
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put . I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! We need your support to get to the White House and defeat .  Let's Make America Great Again! I am counting on your help to defeat Hillary Clinton and her cronies. Let's Make America Great Again!  As President
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put . We need your support to get to the White House and defeat .  Let's Make America Great Again! I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! I am counting on your help to defeat Hillary Clinton and her cronies. Let's Make America Great Again! As President
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put .  We need your support to get to the White House and defeat .  Let's Make America Great Again! I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again!  I am counting on your help to defeat Hillary Clinton and her cronies. Let's Make America Great Again! Hillary Clinton has bad judgment and is unfit to serve as President.

The plane I saw on television was the hostage plane in Geneva
President Obama refuses to answer question about Iran terror funding.  I won't dodge questions as your President. Obama's disastrous judgment gave us ISIS
President Obama should ask the DNC about how they rigged the election against Bernie.
See you tomorrow w/ Gov. _Pence


Thank you Portland


Happy 226th Birthday to the United States Coast Guard. Thank you !  Great meeting all of you. This group knocked on 50K doors &amp; counting here in Maine
Looking forward to IA &amp; WI with Gov. Pence


Thank you Jacksonville


Thank you for your support of my candidacy!   

Thank you to the amazing law enforcement officers today- in Daytona Beach
THANK YOU Daytona Beach

RT _pence Join me in Colorado





True
Our incompetent Secretary of State
There is great unity in my campaign
Great day in Virginia. Crowd was fantastic!
My daughter  will be on  tonight at 7pm. Enjoy! Report raises questions about Clinton Cash from Russians during reset' President Obama will go down as perhaps the worst president in the history of the United States!
RT  Democrat Fire Marshal Turns THOUSANDS of Trump Supporters Away at Columbus Rally  John Podestas Brother Pocketed $180
 Join me in Florida tomorrow! 







STATEMENT IN RESPONSE TO PRESIDENT OBAMA'S FAILED LEADERSHIP Thank you Virginia!  LIMITED EDITION signed copies of my book The Art of the Deal for your donation of $184 or more.  Get YOURS today! LIMITED EDITION signed copies of my book The Art of the Deal for your donation of $184 or more.  Get YOURS today!  LIMITED EDITION signed copies of my book The Art of the Deal for your donation of $184 or more.  Get YOURS today! The Washington Post calls out  for what she REALLY is. A PATHOLOGICAL LIAR! Watch that nose grow! Great afternoon in Ohio &amp; a great evening in Pennsylvania - departing now. See you tomorrow Virginia! Just leaving Mechanicsburg
RT  . stops by overflow room in Mechanicsburg
Vast numbers of manufacturing jobs in Pennsylvania have moved to Mexico and other countries. That will end when I win!
Thanks to  for your kind words
Join me in Florida on Wednesday! Daytona &amp; Jacksonville



During the GOP convention
When will CNN do a segment on Hillarys plan to increase Syrian refugees 550% and how much it will cost?
Hillary Clinton raked in money from regimes that horribly oppress women and gays &amp; refuses to speak out against Radical Islam.
Hillary
Crooked Hillary Clinton is 100% owned by her donors.   Thank you Columbus
Thank you Oklahoma &amp; Virginia! 

People believe CNN these days almost as little as they believe Hillary....that's really saying something!
The people who support Hillary sit behind CNN anchor chairs
Will CNN send its cameras to the border to show the massive unreported crisis now unfolding  or are they worried it will hurt Hillary?
When will we see stories from CNN on Clinton Foundation corruption and Hillary's pay-for-play at State Department?
CNN anchors are completely out of touch with everyday people worried about rising crime
CNN will soon be the least trusted name in news if they continue to be the press shop for Hillary Clinton.
Join Governor Mike Pence in Reno
 

So with all of the Obama tough talk on Russia and the Ukraine
When I said in an interview that Putin is not going into Ukraine
This story is not about Mr. Khan
Mr. Khan
Wow
  Without absolutely OWNING the liberal media
The dishonest media is fawning over the Democratic Convention. I wonder why
I was viciously attacked by Mr. Khan at the Democratic Convention. Am I not allowed to respond? Hillary voted for the Iraq war
Captain Khan
We crushed the original goal! I will write a $2 MILLION check to our campaign if we hit our end-of-month goal!  Nielson Media Research final numbers on ACCEPTANCE SPEECH TRUMP  32.2 MILLION.  CLINTON 27.8 MILLION.  Thank you!
Thank you to all of the television viewers that made my speech at the Republican National Convention  over Crooked Hillary and DEMS.
Can you imagine if I had the small crowds that Hillary is drawing today in Pennsylvania. It would be a major media event!  
NATO commander agrees members should pay up via 

Wow
The Rust Belt was created by politicians like the Clintons who allowed our jobs to be stolen from us by other countries like Mexico. END!
Crooked's stop in Johnstown
 = Obama's third term
Word is that Crooked Hillary has very small and unenthusiastic crowds in Pennsylvania. Perhaps it is because her husband signed NAFTA?
I turned down a meeting with Charles and David Koch. Much better for them to meet with the puppets of politics
Why doesn't the media want to report that on the two Big Thursdays when Crooked Hillary and I made our speeches - Republican's won ratings
 Crooked Hillary Clinton is soft on crime
Violent crime is rising across the United States
I will write a $2 MILLION check to our campaign if we hit our million-dollar end-of-month goal! Just got back from Colorado. The love and enthusiasm at two rallies was incredible. Big crowds!
While I am in OH &amp; PA - you can also join _Pence in Nevada on Mon!




Join me Monday in Columbus




American homeownership rate in Q2 2016 was 62.9% - lowest rate in 51yrs. WE will bring back the  'American Dream!' We are suffering through the worst long-term unemployment in the last 70 years. I want change - Crooked Hillary Clinton does not.
Hillary can never win over Bernie supporters. Her foreign wars

Colorado was amazing yesterday! So much support. Our tax
  ONLY TRUMP CAN UNITE AMERICA AND FIX OBAMA'S MISTAKES!!!  Thank you Denver

As usual
 Job Application Hillary Clinton should not be given national security briefings in that she is a lose cannon with extraordinarily bad judgement &amp; insticts.
Thank you to the amazing law enforcement officers in Colorado!

Thank you Colorado Springs. Get out &amp; VOTE  in November! Only a Reagan or a Trump-like figure in the White House will achieve this goal. Even Bill is tired of the lies
Join me in Colorado Springs at 2pm- or in Denver tonight at 7pm!




What Bernie Sanders really thinks of Crooked Hillary Clinton. I am watching Crooked Hillary speak. Same old stuff
Wow
In Hillary Clinton's America - things get worse.  The dishonest media didn't mention that Bernie Sanders was very angry looking during Crooked's speech. He wishes he didn't make that deal!
Thank you! 




Crooked Hillary said that I couldn't handle the rough and tumble of a political campaign. Really
If Michael Bloomberg ran again for Mayor of New York
Little Michael Bloomberg
General John Allen
Crooked Hillary Clinton mentioned me 22 times in her very long and very boring speech. Many of her statements were lies and fabrications!
Join _pence at the University of Northwestern Ohio- tonight at 7pm. Tickets  I believe in science Dem code for we're shutting down coal mines
CAMPAIGN STATEMENT 

Two policemen just shot in San Diego
Crooked Hillary Clinton made up facts about me
The media coverage this morning of the very average Clinton speech and Convention is a joke.  and the little watched _Joe = SAD!
No one has worse judgement than Hillary Clinton - corruption and devastation follows her wherever she goes.
Hillary's wars in the Middle East have unleashed destruction
Hillary's vision is a borderless world where working people have no power
Hillary will never reform Wall Street. She is owned by Wall Street!
Our way of life is under threat by Radical Islam and Hillary Clinton cannot even bring herself to say the words.
Hillary's refusal to mention Radical Islam
I will once again write a $1 MILLION check to our campaign if we hit our million-dollar end-of-month goal! Departing now - thank you Cedar Rapids
I will once again write a $1 MILLION check to our campaign if we hit our million-dollar end-of-month goal!


 As President

Dems warn not to underestimate Trump's potential win

Great to be back in Iowa!  with  joining me in Davenport- this past winter.  Median household income is down for the middle class since Obama took office. It will only go further down under Clinton.
A vote for Clinton-Kaine is a vote for TPP
AMERICA'S FUTURE

Bernie caved!  Poll Donald Trump Sees 17-Point Positive Swing in Two Weeks - Breitbart RT _pence Good morning! Join me in Lima
True
RT  Trump makes a funny
True
RT _REPORT Obama Refers to Himself 119 Times During Hillary Nominating Speech... President Obama spoke last night about a world that doesnt exist. 70% of the people think our country is going in the wrong direction. 
   stay the course mr trump your message is resonating with the PEOPLE
 Barack is offended that  will demand that  allies pay their fair share. 
Our country does not feel 'great already' to the millions of wonderful people living in poverty
Shooting deaths of police officers up 78% this year. We must restore law and order and protect our great law enforcement officers!
Join me live in Toledo


 Thank you Pennsylvania!


As President

Thank you to our amazing law enforcement officers!  Trump right Illegal families crossing border set to double

Great new poll - thank you!

If Russia or any other country or person has Hillary Clinton's 33
Join our next Vice President



Not one American flag on the massive stage at the Democratic National Convention until people started complaining-then a small one. Pathetic
Our not very bright Vice President
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants to flood our country with Syrian immigrants that we know little or nothing about. The danger is massive. NO!
Hopefully the violent and vicious killing by ISIS of a beloved French priest is causing people to start thinking rationally. Get tough!
The Democratic Convention has paid ZERO respect to the great police and law enforcement professionals of our country. No recognition - SAD!
Funny how the failing  is pushing Dems narrative that Russia is working for me because Putin said Trump is a genius. America 1st!
As I have been saying
Just like I have warned from the beginning

Many of Bernie's supporters have left the arena. Did Bernie go home and go to sleep?
I hate to say it
No matter what Bill Clinton says and no matter how well he says it
You have no idea what my strategy on ISIS is
I'm with you! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! I'm with you! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! Im with you! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! For the record
In order to try and deflect the horror and stupidity of the Wikileakes disaster
Dems don't want to talk ISIS b/c Hillary's foreign interventions unleashed ISIS &amp; her refugee plans make it easier for them to come here.
Bernie's exhausted
The invention of email has proven to be a very bad thing for Crooked Hillary in that it has proven her to be both incompetent and a liar!
Thank you New Hampshire! 

Join us in Toledo

Join us tomorrow in Scranton


Pocahontas bombed last night! Sad to watch.
Why aren't the Democrats speaking about ISIS
Funny
Bernie Sanders totally sold out to Crooked Hillary Clinton. All of that work
Elizabeth Warren
Sad to watch Bernie Sanders abandon his revolution. We welcome all voters who want to fix our rigged system and bring back our jobs.
If Cory Booker is the future of the Democratic Party
I was at  and met Juan Williams in passing.  He asked if he could have pictures taken with me. I said fine. He then trashes on air!
Hard to believe that Bernie Sanders has done such a complete fold. He got NOTHING for all of the time
While Bernie has totally given up on his fight for the people
Clinton betrayed Bernie voters. Kaine supports TPP
Thank you OHIO! 

Thank you Roanoke

MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! 

 

Great POLL numbers are coming out all over. People don't want another four years of Obama
The State of Florida is so embarrassed by the antics of Crooked Hillary Clinton and Debbie Wasserman Schultz that they will vote for CHANGE!
Wow
Here we go again with another Clinton scandal
Crooked Hillary Clinton knew everything that her servant was doing at the DNC - they just got caught
If Bernie Sanders
Thank you!  Hillary was involved in the e-mail scandal because she is the only one with judgement so bad that such a thing could have happened!
How much BAD JUDGEMENT was on display by the people in DNC in writing those really dumb e-mails
The new joke in town is that Russia leaked the disastrous DNC e-mails
Watched Crooked Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine on 60 Minutes. No way they are going to fix America's problems. ISIS &amp; all others laughing!
The ratings for the Republican National Convention were very good
The highly neurotic Debbie Wasserman Schultz is angry that
The Democrats are in a total meltdown but the biased media will say how great they are doing! E-mails say the rigged system is alive &amp; well!
Even though Bernie Sanders has lost his energy and his strength
Crooked Hillary Clinton was not at all loyal to the person in her rigged system that pushed her over the top
If the Republican Convention had blown up with e-mails
The  panels are so one sided
I always said that Debbie Wasserman Schultz was overrated. The Dems Convention is cracking up and Bernie is exhausted
Today proves what I have always known
Sorry folks
There is no longer a Bernie Sanders political revolution. He is turning out to be a weak and somewhat pathetic figure
An analysis showed that Bernie Sanders would have won the Democratic nomination if it were not for the Super Delegates.
Looks like the Bernie people will fight. If not
Wow
Bernie Sanders started off strong
The Crooked Hillary V.P. choice is VERY disrespectful to Bernie Sanders and all of his supporters. Just another case of BAD JUDGEMENT by H!


  Dinesh D'Sousa Hillary's America. see it
  Kaine supported the stupidest deal in the history of deals Thank you to everyone for the wonderful reviews of my speech on Thursday night. From the heart!
The Wikileaks e-mail release today was so bad to Sanders that it will make it impossible for him to support her
Just saw Crooked Hillary and Tim Kaine together. ISIS and our other enemies are drooling. They don't look presidential to me!
I will bring jobs back and get wages up. People haven't had a real wage increase in almost twenty years. Clinton killed jobs!
Tim Kaine has been praising the Trans Pacific Partnership and has been pushing hard to get it approved. Job killer!
Funny that the Democrats would have their convention in Pennsylvania where her husband and her killed so many jobs. I will bring jobs back!
Crooked Hillary Clinton has destroyed jobs and manufacturing in Pennsylvania. Against steelworkers and miners. Husband signed NAFTA.
Leaked e-mails of DNC show plans to destroy Bernie Sanders. Mock his heritage and much more. On-line from Wikileakes
Pocahontas wanted V.P. slot so badly but wasn't chosen because she has done nothing in the Senate. Also
Tim Kaine is
The Bernie Sanders supporters are furious with the choice of Tim Kaine
_Cali  General Michael Flynn will make a great Secretary of Defense when you become POTUS! 
I highly recommend the just out book - THE FIELD OF FIGHT - by General Michael Flynn. How to defeat radical Islam.
Is it the same Kaine that took hundreds of thousands of dollars in gifts while Governor of Virginia and didn't get indicted while Bob M did?
Another attack
One of the best produced
Thank you Cleveland. We love you and will be back many times!
What a great four days in Cleveland. So proud of the great job done by the RNC and all. The police and Secret Service were fantastic!
MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! 

FORMAL ACCEPTANCE OF THE NOMINATION!  You can watch 360 video live from the podium! This is a MOVEMENT!  Im with you! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! Im with you! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! Thank you . Proud of you!   Weve just set a new goal raise $4 million from our grassroots supporters by MIDNIGHT! Weve just set a new goal raise $4 million from our grassroots supporters by MIDNIGHT! Great job ! 

Other than a small group of people who have suffered massive and embarrassing losses
Limited opportunity to get your OFFICIAL Trump gear! Shop now!  Ted Cruz talks about the Constitution but doesn't say that if the Dems win the Presidency
I am soooo proud of my children
Great job ! Proud of you!

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Arena was packed
._pence was fantastic tonight. Will be a great V.P.
Our next Vice President of the United States of America


Wow
Great job ! Proud of you! 


Limited opportunity to get your OFFICIAL Trump gear! Shop now! Limited opportunity to get your OFFICIAL Trump gear! Shop now! Thank you !  

 for exclusive  updates!  We will Make America Great Again!
Thank you to Governor  for such warm support. Great speech!
Thank you !    

Watching the 

John Kasich was never asked by me to be V.P. Just arrived in Cleveland - will be a great two days!
URGENT weve just announced a $2 million fundraising goal tonight. Please stand with us! STATEMENT ON MELANIA SPEECH

The media is spending more time doing a forensic analysis of Melania's speech than the FBI spent on Hillary's emails.
Good news is Melania's speech got more publicity than any in the history of politics especially if you believe that all press is good press!
In November
Bill Hemmer of  was very nice in explaining the excitement and energy in the arena. More than in past years.
Congratulations to my children
Such a great honor to be the Republican Nominee for President of the United States. I will work hard and never let you down! AMERICA FIRST!
The ROLL CALL is beginning at the Republican National Convention. Very exciting!
 





  Democrats are coming to TRUMP. I used to be proud of the dem party. No more It is crooked and not for the people.
It was truly an honor to introduce my wife
Will be on  tonight at 830pm - prior to Melania's speech at the . Tune in- she will do great! 
!


Networks other than low ratings  have been very fair and exciting!
. is the worst.They go to their dumb
Looking forward to being at the convention tonight to watch all of the wonderful speakers including my wife
Thank you Mahoning County

RT  STILL AHEAD  joins us at 7am/et!  President Obama just had a news conference
Our country is totally divided and our enemies are watching. We are not looking good
 DonaldTrump and his running mate _Pence to appear on  in first joint interview. CBS I will be on  tonight at 700 P.M. with Mike Pence talking about LAW AND ORDER and many other subjects! Bad times for divided USA!
We are TRYING to fight ISIS
We grieve for the officers killed in Baton Rouge today. How many law enforcement and people have to...

The ratings at  blow away the ratings of  - not even close. That's because CNN is the Clinton News Network and people don't like
. is much better
If Goofy Elizabeth Warren
I hope that Crooked Hillary picks Goofy Elizabeth Warren
It doesn't matter that Crooked Hillary has experience
As the days and weeks go by
We are going to have a great time in Cleveland. Will lead to special results for our country. We will Make America Great Again!
Goofy Elizabeth Warren
Thank you to Jack Morgan
 Great news! We've been nominated for Ireland's Best Golf Hotel 2016.We would appreciate your vote! Thank you to Chris Cox and Bikers for Trump - Your support has been amazing. I will never forget. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Donate Today To Help Make America Great Again! You Can Help Stop Crooked Hillary Clinton! Donate Today To Help Make America Great Again! You Can Help Stop Crooked Hillary Clinton! Thank you!  Crooked Hillary Clinton is bought and paid for by Wall Street
Very sad that a person who has made so many mistakes
Crooked Hillary
Crooked Hillary is spending big Wall Street money on ads saying I don't have foreign policy experience
Look forward to introducing Governor Mike Pence (who has done a spectacular job in the great State of Indiana). My first choice from start!
Look forward to Governor Mike Pence V.P. introduction tomorrow in New York City.
I am pleased to announce that I have chosen Governor Mike Pence as my Vice Presidential running mate. News conference tomorrow at 1100 A.M.
Four more years of weakness with a Crooked Hillary Administration is not acceptable. Look what has happened to the world with O &amp; Hillary!
 is never more. They were crushed last night in Cleveland at Rules Committee by a vote of 87-12. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
My prayers and condolences to the victims and families of the terrible tragedy in Nice
In light of the horrible attack in Nice
Another horrific attack
I employ many people in the State of Virginia - JOBS
Another new poll. Thank you for your support! Join the MOVEMENT today! 

Great new poll- thank you America!

I will be making the announcement of my Vice Presidential pick on Friday at 11am in Manhattan. Details to follow.
If I win the Presidency
Even the  and  Editorial Boards condemned Justice Ginsburg for her ethical and legal breach. What was she thinking?
Is Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg going to apologize to me for her misconduct? Big mistake by an incompetent judge!
On my way to San Diego to raise money for the Republican Party. I am spending a lot myself and also helping others.
Voters understand that Crooked Hillary's negative ads are not true- just like her email lies and her other fraudulent activity.
Despite spending $500k a day on TV ads alone  falls flat in nationwide . Having ZERO impact. Sad!!
Lyin' Crooked Hillary's email stories all have one thing in common. Is President Obama trying to destroy Israel with all his bad moves? Think about it and let me know!
The Republican platform is most 

New GOP platform now includes language that supports the border wall. We will build the wall and MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
 is outspending me by a combined 31 to 1 in Florida
Thank you Florida
Thank you!  Justice Ginsburg of the U.S. Supreme Court has embarrassed all by making very dumb political statements about me. Her mind is shot - resign!
THANK YOU INDIANA!  Thank you Iowa- see you soon!


I will be interviewed by  tonight on  at 8pm. Enjoy!
The American people agree. No free pass for ! To all the Bernie voters who want to stop bad trade deals &amp; global special interests
Bernie sanders has abandoned his supporters by endorsing pro-war pro-TPP pro-Wall Street Crooked Hillary Clinton.
Bernie Sanders endorsing Crooked Hillary Clinton is like Occupy Wall Street endorsing Goldman Sachs.
 is not qualified!

I am somewhat surprised that Bernie Sanders was not true to himself and his supporters. They are not happy that he is selling out!
Bernie Sanders
This election is a choice between law
For too many years
Crime is out of control
 

Senior United States District Judge Robert E. Payne today ruled in favor of Trump campaign delegates who had argued..Speech on Veterans' Reform

Great poll- Florida! Thank you! Thoughts and prayers with the victims
Join me in Westfield

I heard that the underachieving John King of  on Inside Politics was one hour of lies. Happily
The media is so dishonest. If I make a statement
President Obama thinks the nation is not as divided as people think. He is living in a world of the make believe!
Look what is happening to our country under the WEAK leadership of Obama and people like Crooked Hillary Clinton. We are a divided nation!
New poll - thank you! 

Way to go   - you are a true champion. Proud of you!
MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!

Isn't it sad that on a day of national tragedy Hillary Clinton is answering softball questions about her email lies on ?
Due to the horrific events taking place in our country
Last night's horrific execution-style shootings of 12 Dallas law enforcement officers...Prayers and condolences to all of the families who are so thoroughly devastated by the horrors we are all watching take place in our country
After today
Thank you Speaker !

  Thank you Rep. Collins!  Just leaving D.C. Had great meetings with Republicans in the House and Senate. Very interesting day! These are people who love our country!
Great being in Cincinnati
Where is the outrage for this Disney book? Is this the 'Star of David' also? 

To all of my twitter followers
Convention speaker schedule to be released tomorrow. Let today be devoted to Crooked Hillary and the rigged system under which we live.
I have over seven million hits on social media re Crooked Hillary Clinton. Check it out Sleepy Eyes
Sleepy eyes Chuck Todd
Even the once great Caesars is bankrupt in A.C. Others to follow. Ask the Democrat City Council what happened to Atlantic City.
Hillary Clinton should ask why the Democrat pols in Atlantic City made all the wrong moves - Convention Center
I made a lot of money in Atlantic City and left 7 years ago
Crooked Hillary Clinton lied to the FBI and to the people of our country. She is sooooo guilty. But watch
The rigged system may have helped Hillary Clinton escape criminal charges
Crooked Hillary has once again been proven to be a person who is dishonest
Crooked Hillary Clinton and her team were extremely careless in their handling of very sensitive
Crooked Hillary Clinton is unfit to serve as President of the U.S. Her temperament is weak and her opponents are strong. BAD JUDGEMENT!
I don't think the voters will forget the rigged system that allowed Crooked Hillary to get away with murder. Come November 8
Raised a lot of money for the Republican Party. There will be a big gasp when the figures are announced in the morning. Lots of support! Win
I will be interviewed by  tonight on  at 11pm. Enjoy!
My son
Looking forward to meeting with  in a little while. We will be traveling to North Carolina together today.
FBI director said Crooked Hillary compromised our national security. No charges. Wow! 
The system is rigged. General Petraeus got in trouble for far less. Very very unfair! As usual
It was great spending time with  yesterday. She has done a fantastic job for the people of Iowa and U.S. Will see her again!
Taxpayers are paying a fortune for the use of Air Force One on the campaign trail by President Obama and Crooked Hillary. A total disgrace!
On  at 700 P.M. Special Meet the Trumps Hope you enjoy!
Why is President Obama allowed to use Air Force One on the campaign trail with Crooked Hillary? She is flying with him tomorrow. Who pays?
With Hillary and Obama
Crooked Hillary Clinton is guilty as hell but the system is totally rigged and corrupt! Where are the 33
The only people who are not interested in being the V.P. pick are the people who have not been asked!
I look forward to meeting  today in New Jersey. She has done a great job as Senator of Iowa!
Spent time with Indiana Governor Mike Pence and family yesterday. Very impressed
Senator Tom Cotton was great on Meet the Press yesterday. Despite a totally one-sided interview by Chuck Todd
Dishonest media is trying their absolute best to depict a star in a tweet as the Star of David rather than a Sheriff's Star
Happy 4th of July!   Crooked Hillary will NEVER be able to handle the complexities and danger of ISIS - it will just go on forever. We need change!
The third mass attack (slaughter) in days by ISIS. 200 dead in Baghdad
In Bangladesh
I believe that Crooked Hillary sent Bill to have the meeting with the U.S.A.G. So Bill is not in trouble with H except that he got caught!
The SECRET meeting between Bill Clinton and the U.S.A.G. in back of closed plane was heightened with FBI shouting go away
Does anybody really believe that Bill Clinton and the U.S.A.G. talked only about grandkids and golf for 37 minutes in plane on tarmac?
THE SYSTEM IS RIGGED!
On Saturday a great man
Crooked Hillary Clinton knew that her husband wanted to meet with the U.S.A.G. to work out a deal. The system is totally rigged &amp; corrupt!
Only a fool would believe that the meeting between Bill Clinton and the U.S.A.G. was not arranged or that Crooked Hillary did not know.
Just watched  and how totally biased against me Chuck Todd
It was just announced-by sources-that no charges will be brought against Crooked Hillary Clinton. Like I said
It is impossible for the FBI not to recommend criminal charges against Hillary Clinton. What she did was wrong! What Bill did was stupid!
Thank you .  Thank you for your support!

RT  Reminder last year
Thank you!  If I become the next POTUS- they will not be ignoring!  

Crooked Hillary  Makes History! 

The  to our Constitution is clear. The right of the people to keep &amp; bear Arms shall not be infringed upon.   The speakers slots at the Republican Convention are totally filled
Just read in the failing  that I was not aware the event had to be held in Cleveland - a total lie. These people are sick!
When you can't say it - or see it  you can't fix it. We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!   Just returned from Colorado. Amazing crowd!
Thank you for inviting me to the Western Conservative Summit in Colorado!   

Thank you for your support! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!   These crimes won't be happening if I'm elected POTUS. Killer should have never been here.  

Yet another terrorist attack today in Israel  a father

Horrible killing of a 13 year old American girl at her home in Israel by a Palestinian terrorist. We must get tough. . great job on FOX this morning. Keep up the good work!
Take a look at what happened w/ Bill Clinton. The system is totally rigged. Does anybody really believe that meeting was just a coincidence?
Bill Clinton's meeting was a total secret. Nobody was to know about it but he was caught by a local reporter.
As Bernie Sanders said
 

I will be interviewed by  tonight at 10pm on FOX! Enjoy!
The reason I put up approximately $50 million for my successful primary campaign is very simple
I have self funded my winning primary campaign with an approx. $50 million loan. I have totally terminated the loan!
The very dishonest  refuses to accept the fact that I have forgiven my $50 million loan to my campaign. Done deal!
One of the reasons Hillary hid her emails was so the public wouldn't see how she got rich- selling out America. 

Why would college graduates want Crooked Hillary as their President? She will destroy them! 

New book by  is absolutely terrific and a must read! 
The story with Hillary will never change. RT _REPORT 43-39 For reasons only they can explain
Tremendous day in Massachusetts and Maine. Thank you to everyone for making it so special!
   As of April this year
I will be on  at 800 P.M. Enjoy!
ISIS exploded on Hillary Clinton's watch- she's done nothing about it and never will. Not capable!
Will be in Bangor
New Q poll out- we are going to win the whole deal- and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  Just watched Senator John Barrasso on  - He was great! Thank you John.
Why would the USChamber be upset by the fact that I want to negotiate better and stronger trade deals or that I want penalties for cheaters?
The  must fight harder for the American worker. China
Iron Mike Tyson was not asked to speak at the Convention though I'm sure he would do a good job if he was. The media makes everything up!
   thanks for sharing Eric we need  now as this administration is incapable of keeping our country safe
We must do everything possible to keep this horrible terrorism outside the United States.
Yet another terrorist attack

Hillary Clintons Presidency would be catastrophic for

Benghazi is just another Hillary Clinton failure. It just

Check it out - 2nd video on Lying Crooked Hillary is now online! Watch it here 


 Canceled cable - sick of their bad coverage of you and the fawning over Clinton ... Listened to your great speech on YouTube
  _trump   This is why I would think the unions would support  for 
_ziffel  also can't help but notice the stock market's reaction as  was speaking. 
_Graf    let's get Trump supporters out in massive numbers and make America Great Again - create jobs
_sports Good for  he's smart on business. Maybe If corporations weren't overtaxed they would stay. Voting for 
 I'll be a guest today on Making Money with  on  Fox Business 6 PM ET / 3 PM PT Discussing . Tune in!
. is all negative when it comes to me. I don't watch it anymore.
The media is unrelenting. They will only go with and report a story in a negative light. I called Brexit (Hillary was wrong)
Crooked Hillary is wheeling out one of the least productive senators in the U.S. Senate
 Trump voters don't scare or back down. Our numbers are growing &amp; we're taking our country BACK.  
 Under a Trump presidency
 Hillary read sigh off the Teleprompter
    we know they're fake just like poles during primary. I'm sure u will crush  in general
The dirty poll done by   is a disgrace. Even they admit that many more Democrats were polled. Other polls were good.
Crooked Hillary Attacks Foreign Government Donations - While Ignoring Her Own Crooked Hillary Clinton got Brexit wrong. I said LEAVE will win. She has no sense of markets and such bad judgement. Only a question of time
Hillary Clinton is not a change agent
People in our country want borders
Top 50 Facts About Crooked Hillary Clinton From Trump 'Stakes Of The Election' Address The  poll sample is heavy on Democrats.  Very dishonest - why would they do that? Other polls good!
Crooked Hillary just took a major ad of me playing golf at Turnberry. Shows me hitting shot
Clinton is trying to wash away her bad judgement call on BREXIT with big dollar ads. Disgraceful!
Crooked Hillary Clinton
George Will
Just landed in New York - a one night stay in Scotland. Turnberry came out magnificently. My son
Obama has blocked ICE officers and BP from doing their jobs. That ends when I am President!
I have never liked the media term 'mass deportation'  but we must enforce the laws of the land!
We only want to admit those who love our people and support our values. 
We must suspend immigration from regions linked with terrorism until a proven vetting method is in place.
Thank you to everyone who came out &amp; joined us  yesterday!    On the 13th tee box  with my grand daughter
Arriving  with  &amp; . Back to New York tonight. 

So funny
Thoughts and prayers are with everyone in West Virginia- dealing with the devastating floods. 
  And we will get it back once we have President Trump! Can't wait!
  What has happened in the UK in the last 12 hours is exactly what will happen in November..vote TRUMP 2016
Many people are equating BREXIT
The opening of Trump Turnberry in Scotland was a big success. Good timing
Crooked Hillary called it totally wrong on BREXIT - she went with Obama - and now she is saying we need her to lead. She would be a disaster
I want all Americans to succeed together. President Obama's illegal executive amnesty undermines job prospects for...New Government data by the Center for Immigration Studies shows more than 3M new legal &amp; illegal immigrants settled..America is proud to stand shoulder-to-shoulder w/a free &amp; ind UK. We stand together as friends
Self-determination is the sacred right of all free people's
Getting ready to open the magnificent Turnberry in Scotland. What a great day
Statement Regarding British Referendum on E.U. Membership

Just arrived in Scotland. Place is going wild over the vote. They took their country back
Congratulations to my son
Leaving now for a one night trip to Scotland in order to be at the Grand Opening of my great Turnberry Resort. Will be back on Sat. night!
Meet the amazing mother whose letter I read during my speech. She lost her son to policies supported by Clinton. Read my full statement here on the Supreme Court's executive amnesty decision  

Here is another CNN lie. The Clinton News Network is losing all credibility. Im not watching it much anymore.  CNN
RT  Trump's speech today is the best persuasion I have ever seen. Game over. Now running unopposed  Our inner cities have been left behind. We will never have the resources to support our people if we have an open border.
On immigration

Obama &amp; Clinton should stop meeting with special interests
Hillary Clintons open borders are tearing American families apart. I am going to make our country Safe Again for all Americans. 
SC has kept us safe from exec amnestyfor now. But Hillary has pledged to expand it
RT  . I was so impressed by ['s] speech yesterday. He was the best I've ever seen him. https
Hillary Lies to Benghazi Families


ISIS threatens us today because of the decisions Hillary Clinton has made along with President Obama.    Donald J. Trump
Hillary Clinton may be the most corrupt person ever to seek the presidency.     Donald J. Trump
Thank you to Donald Rumsfeld for the endorsement. Very much appreciated. Clinton's conduct has been disqualifying.
 You have great children
 brilliant 3 word response to Hillary's 'I'm With You'  slogan   great speech today!! It's all about America and that's why you will become president!!!!  Thank you.
  Hillary says things can't change. I say they have to change. It's a choice between Americanism and her corrupt globalism. 
   .. Saw your interview.You are the best! Great questions
Crooked Hillary refuses to say that she will be raising taxes beyond belief! She will be a disaster for jobs and the economy!
I will be interviewed by  tonight on  7pm ET
Hillary defrauded America as Secy of State. She used it as a personal hedge fund to get herself rich! Corrupt
If you want to know about Hillary Clinton's honesty &amp; judgment
Hillary took money and did favors for regimes that enslave women and murder gays.
I am the king of debt.That has been great for me as a businessman
Obama-Clinton inherited $10T in debt and turned it into nearly $20T.  They have bankrupted Hillary Clinton's open borders immigration policies will drive down wages for all Americans - and make everyone less safe.
How can Hillary run the economy when she can't even send emails without putting entire nation at risk?
Hillary Clinton surged the trade deficit with China 40% as

Hillary says this election is about judgment.  She's right.  Her judgement has killed thousands
I will be making a big speech tomorrow to discuss the failed policies and bad judgment of Crooked Hillary Clinton.
Crooked Hillary Clinton is totally unfit to be our president-really bad judgement and a temperament
When I said that if
. We are so proud of you Dustin. Your reaction under pressure was amazing. First of many Majors. You are a true CHAMPION!
 Watch out HillaryClinton  Support      Yesterday's failing  fraudulently shows an empty room prior to my speech
How can the NY Times show an empty room hours before my speech even started when they knew it was going to be packed? So totally dishonest!
Donald Trump's Speech Is a Game Changer. 

See you soon Arizona!  I love you Arizona! Thank you!

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!

Thank you Las Vegas


In Las Vegas
Join me in Phoenix
Thank you Houston


Thank you!   The convention in Cleveland will be amazing!  Thank you- on my way!  Thank you !  Join me in Phoenix

THANK YOU!  RT  Honored to pray for my friend
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
People very unhappy with Crooked Hillary and Obama on JOBS and SAFETY! Biggest trade deficit in many years! More attacks will follow Orlando
Amazing crowd last night in Dallas - more spirit and passion than ever before. Today
 The media attack on  is relentless. They are desperate. But
Thank you Dallas

Houston







Join me in Houston
RT  Flying to Dallas now with ...Reports of discord are pure fiction. Great events lined up all over Texas.  Rs wil
Donald Trumps Speech Is a Game Changer. The trade deficit rose to a 7yr high thanks to horrible trade policies Clinton supports. I will fix it fast- JOBS! McAllen


  is a Common Sense Conservative! President Trump=Competence
RT  Trump's speech today was Churchillian
I will be interviewed on  at 700 P.M.  
Finally an accurate story from the Washington Post!

Join me in Dallas


Thank you Atlanta
I will be meeting with the NRA
The press is so totally biased that we have no choice but to take our tough but fair and smart message directly to the people!
An Media fell all over themselves criticizing what DonaldTrump may have insinuated about . But he's right Thank you Greensboro
TONIGHT! NORTH CAROLINA







RT  HAPPY 241st BIRTHDAY to the ! THANK YOU! HAPPY 241st BIRTHDAY to the ! THANK YOU! Thank you to the LGBT community! I will fight for you while Hillary brings in more people that will threaten your freedoms and beliefs.
AMERICA FIRST!
American must now get very tough
Join me in Atlanta on Wednesday- at noon! 

Crooked Hillary says we must call on Saudi Arabia and other countries to stop funding hate. I am calling on- cont'd Saudi Arabia and many of the countries that gave vast amounts of money to the Clinton Foundation- cont'd I thought people werent celebrating? They were cheering all over
In my speech on protecting America I spoke about a temporary ban
Based on the incredibly inaccurate coverage and reporting of the record setting Trump campaign
I am no fan of President Obama
RT  Anyone who plans to talk about Trump ever again has to see this speech.  Your opinion is irrelevant unless you listened to
TERRORISM
Congratulations to the 2016  Champions
I am watching  and how fairly they are treating me and my words
I will be going to New Hampshire today
I have been hitting Obama and Crooked Hillary hard on not using the term Radical Islamic Terror. Hillary just broke-said she would now use!
What has happened in Orlando is just the beginning. Our leadership is weak and ineffective. I called it and asked for the ban. Must be tough
  Please make us safe. We cannot have Hillary as president. We will be in so much trouble.
Reporting that Orlando killer shouted Allah hu Akbar! as he slaughtered clubgoers. 2nd man arrested in LA with rifles near Gay parade.
Is President Obama going to finally mention the words radical Islamic terrorism? If he doesn't he should immediately resign in disgrace!
Appreciate the congrats for being right on radical Islamic terrorism
Horrific incident in FL. Praying for all the victims &amp; their families. When will this stop? When will we get tough
Clinton made a false ad about me where I was imitating a reporter GROVELING after he changed his story. I would NEVER mock disabled. Shame!
Really bad shooting in Orlando. Police investigating possible terrorism. Many people dead and wounded.
Goofy Elizabeth Warren
Riley Rone was a great young man. We will miss him dearly. Join me on Tuesday- in Greensboro
Thank you Pittsburgh
Thank you to our amazing law enforcement officers!  Thank you Tampa

Sad case-  did article saying I don't pay bills- false
In Tampa
Don King
Mitt Romney had his chance to beat a failed president but he choked like a dog. Now he calls me racist-but I am least racist person there is
Thank you Richmond

Thank you  Coalition! An honor joining you today- to discuss our shared values.

Heading to Richmond

  I rarely agree with President Obama- however he is 100% correct about Crooked Hillary Clinton. Great ad!

2004 VIDEO


Heading to D.C. to speak at Faith and Freedom Coalition and visit OPO.
Donald Trump Plans To Continue GOP
 Sexist Democrats 

The great boxing promoter
Join me! 





  RECORD 14 million primary votes/beat 16 opponents/financed own campaign. You will be a great POTUS &amp; 
 . Never before has a president endorsed someone under investigation by . Pocahontas is at it again! Goofy Elizabeth Warren
 Trump's Historic 13 Million Primary Votes - A Record ... Congratulations  Join me! 









Thank you Roseanne
How long did it take your staff of 823 people to think that upand where are your 33
A message of condolences and support regarding the terrorist attacks in Tel Aviv 

Obama just endorsed Crooked Hillary. He wants four more years of Obamabut nobody else does!
Crooked Hillary Clinton will be a disaster on jobs
As expected
  please Mr.Trump make  your VP. He is a perfect running mate.  He is a great guy!
Bernie Sanders must really dislike Crooked Hillary after the way she played him. Many of his supporters
 JohnKasich
_Dangler  You will be the greatest president the world has ever seen  Thanks.
I would have had many millions of votes more than Crooked Hillary Clinton except for the fact that I had 16 opponents
  Congratulations Mr. Trump.  Thank you!
 Senator Sanders spent more than  yet lost.
RT  Graph 's Historic 13 Million Primary Votes Compared To Every GOP Nominee Since 1908 MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!


  Why   WHERE IS THE REPORTING  &lt;MOST VOTES FOR PRESIDENT IN HISTORY OF USA
  HISTORIC!! what's historic is OUR national debt
_wejesa  Great speach!!!!!!!  Thanks!
 .  doing  on  is awesome. Number one presidency of all time
 Top RINO hack for MSNBC Joey Scarborough on the air and calling the next President Trump a racist and bigot. Shame on you
Nobody is watching _Joe anymore. Gone off the deep end - bad ratings. You won't believe what I am watching now!
  fans
Thank you to all for your wonderful comments on my speech. I could feel the electricity in thr air. Great reviews - most votes ever recieved
 Gee ... Does this make  right one more time? _Thunder Standing by  all the way to the White House! Thank you California!  

Thank you New Mexico! 

Thank you South Dakota!  

Thank you New Jersey! 

Thank you Montana! 

I will be speaking about our great journey to the Republican nomination at 900 P.M. The movement toward a country that WINS again continues
I will be interviewed tonight on  - Enjoy!  1000 P.M.
Thank you! Together we will ! In just out book
A former Secret Service Agent for President Clinton excoriates Crooked Hillary describing her as ERRATIC &amp; VIOLENT. Bad temperament for pres
See
RT  My next project is pretty amazing!

Thank you Diamond and Silk! Remembering the fallen heroes on  - June 6
I am getting bad marks from certain pundits because I have a small campaign staff. But small is good
A massive blow to Obama's message - only 38
Crooked Hillary is being badly criticized (for a Wall Street paid for ad) by PolitiFact for a false ad on me on women. She is a total fraud!
Crooked Hillary Clinton has not held a news conference in more than 7 months. Her record is so bad she is unable to answer tough questions!
Just like I have been able to spend far less money than  others on the campaign and finish 
People like  report on my campaign
Hillary Clinton is unfit to be president. She has bad judgement
I am watching  very little lately because they are so biased against me. Shows are predictable garbage! CNN and MSM is one big lie!
The Clinton News Network
  Our ineffective  has to make a speech in  to make everything look great. Mr. Trump 
Thank you Attorney General Gonzales

We just had the worst jobs report since 2010.
The Mayor of San Jose did a terrible job of ordering the  protection of innocent people. The thugs were lucky supporters remained peaceful!
Many of the thugs that attacked the peaceful Trump supporters in San Jose were illegals. They burned the American flag and laughed at police
_Vito_08 Thank You Mr. Trump for Standing up for Our Country!  JOIN ME ON THE   Heres The HILLARY UNIVERSITY Scandal No One In The Media Is Talking About Muhammad Ali is dead at 74! A truly great champion and a wonderful guy. He will be missed by all!
RT  WATCH NOW The  supporters you'd never expect Thank you Redding

Great evening in San Jose other than the thugs. My supporters are far tougher if they want to be
So much interest in my visit to Scotland! I greatly look forward to attending the opening event - taking place on June 24th.
I'm a former chief of police in a border town. I'm Hispanic

In Crooked Hillary's telepromter speech yesterday
I don't watch or do _Joe anymore. Small audience
Rally last night in San Jose was great. Tremendous love and enthusiasm in the hall. Big crowd. Outside
Terrible jobs report just reported. Only 38
 Yes! Hubby and I voted 4  already!  I think the first female president of the USA will be  a beautiful intelligent young genuine successful lady!
 This is rich coming from her. She tweeted you will be president!    Clinton says Trump is dangerous. Who's the one who killed 4 Americans in Benghazi?      Looks like several legal Hispanics supporting Trump! They know he will be good for them too.
Then
After 
After  I will be visiting Aberdeen
On June 22- I will be going to Scotland to celebrate the opening of the newly renovated  Resort
Join me in Redding

._Gulbis- Thank you for the nice piece in  / _com.

RT  Beautiful article about  written by my friend
True
  Only Trump can save America. Right leader at the right time. THANK YOU!
  she's a criminal and you're the only person that can stop her.
 THIS IS 'S LEGACY! AN ABSOLUTE DISASTER!!! WE NEED  NOW!!   _SA_BD  A vote for Trump is a vote to restore our great country.
A 60% increase in Texas Blue Cross/Blue Shield through ObamaCare. I told you so
So great to have the endorsement and support of Paul Ryan. We will both be working very hard to Make America Great Again!
Bad performance by Crooked Hillary Clinton! Reading poorly from the telepromter! She doesn't even look presidential!
Crooked Hillary no longer has credibility - too much failure in office. People will not allow another four years of incompetence!
Crooked Hillary Clinton
After the litigation is disposed of and the case won
Even though I have a very biased and unfair judge in the Trump U civil case in San Diego
With all of the Crooked Hillary Clinton's foreign policy experience
Join me in San Jose


Wow
Do you ever notice that  gives me very little proper representation on my policies. Just watched-nobody knew anything about my foreign P
Bernie Sanders was right when he said that Crooked Hillary Clinton was not qualified to be president because she suffers from BAD judgement!
Crooked Hillary Clinton has zero natural talent - she should not be president. Her temperament is bad and her decision making ability-zilch!
  I already voted for you! My wife did as well! I represent ! We represent ! 
     Not for slackers! Happy w/courses I took. Thanks.
Thank you Sacramento
Same failing  reporter who wrote discredited women's story last week wrote another terrible story on me today- will never learn!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is a fraud who has put the public and country at risk by her illegal and very stupid use of e-mails. Many missing!
Join me in San Jose


So I raised/gave $5
Congratulations to  on his tremendous increase in television ratings. Speaking of ratings- I will be on his show tonight  10pE.
I am getting great credit for my press conference today. Crooked Hillary should be admonished for not having a press conference in 179 days.
Katie Couric
I will be interviewed on  tonight at 10pmE on . Enjoy!
Join me in Sacramento

So many veterans groups are beyond happy with all of the money I raised/gave! It was my great honor - they do an amazing job.
Just finished a press conference in Trump Tower wherein I gave information on which VETERANS groups got the $5
I have raised/given a tremendous amount of money to our great VETERANS
So many great things happening - new poll numbers looking good! News conference at 1100 A.M. today
I should have easily won the Trump University case on summary judgement but have a judge
I have a judge in the Trump University civil case
I hope everyone had a great Memorial Day!
I would have had millions of votes more in the primaries (than Crooked Hillary) if I only had one opponent
Have a great Memorial Day and remember that we will soon MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
 Trump rallies veterans at annual Rolling Thunder Gathering  how many of donald's rolling thunder brigade will sign up and go to war for him in the middle east.
 Trump Supports Rolling Thunder Rally  STRONG  Donald Trump and Bikers Share Affection at Rolling Thunder Rally   Illegals are taken care of better than our veterans.  The endorsement of me by the 16
In getting the endorsement of the 16
Obama says a WALL at our southern border won't enhance our security (wrong) and yet he now wants to build a much bigger wall (fence) at W.H.
If dummy Bill Kristol actually does get a spoiler to run as an Independent
The Republican Party has to be smart &amp; strong if it wants to win in November. Can't allow lightweights to set up a spoiler Indie candidate!
Bill Kristol has been wrong for 2yrs-an embarrassed loser
Good news is that my campaign has perhaps more cash than any campaign in the history of politics- b/c I stand 100% behind everything we do.
Heading to D.C. to see and hear ROLLING THUNDER. Amazing people that LOVE OUR COUNTRY. Great spirit!
Honor Memorial Day by thinking of and respecting all of the great men and women that gave their lives for us and our country! We love them.
Does President Obama ever discuss the sneak attack on Pearl Harbor while he's in Japan? Thousands of American lives lost. 
Don't believe the biased and phony media quoting people who work for my campaign. The only quote that matters is a quote from me!
I am always on the front page of the failing 
The media is on a new phony kick about my management style. I spend much less money &amp; get much better results! What we need as Prez!
The failing  wrote a story about my management style &amp; that I don't have many people. I have 73
I (we) broke the all-time record for most votes gotten in a Republican Primary - by a lot - and with many states left to go! Thank you.
The U.S. has 69 treaties with other countries where we would have to defend them and their borders. How nice
Great rally in Fresno
Obama administration fails to screen Syrian refugees' social media accounts

.- Fantastic job on handling the thugs who tried to disrupt our very peaceful and well attended rally. Greatly appreciated!
Thank you - many friends just told me you gave a very kind shoutout at MSG. Appreciate it- love your music!
Wow- 25

I am on  tonight
Bill O'Reilly doing a major special on  tonight-  at 8pmE. Watch it
AN AMERICA FIRST ENERGY PLAN


Poll data shows that  does by far the best in holding onto his Senate seat in Florida. Important to keep the MAJORITY. Run Marco!
Today we
My wife 

Celebrating 1237!  

Thank you! 

I find it offensive that Goofy Elizabeth Warren
Thank you Mr. &amp; Mrs.  for the wonderful and magical evening last night. It will not be forgotten. 
.- just watched you on - thank you!
The Inspector General's report on Crooked Hillary Clinton is a disaster. Such bad judgement and temperament cannot be allowed in the W.H.
Thank you Anaheim

Thank you Washington! Honored to say
The protesters in New Mexico were thugs who were flying the Mexican flag. The rally inside was big and beautiful
Crooked Hillary Clinton just can't close the deal with Bernie. I had to knock out 16 very good and smart candidates. Hillary doesn't have it
Goofy Senator Elizabeth Warren  has done less in the U.S. Senate than practically any other senator. All talk
  Goofy Elizabeth Warren
  Washington
  high energy!
 Great speech tonight Mr.Trump! Good Luck in California! Thank you.
  congratulations from India
  UP TO 8.4 MILLION FOLLOWERS. CAN'T STOP THE   
  
  Great job! Make America Great Again!
 Goofy Elizabeth Warren
Great rally in New Mexico
Thank you Washington! 

Great honor to receive today's endorsement of . Really nice! 
After raising
Thank you - for setting the failing  story straight. This is what the NYT's should have written! 

A suggestion for the dishonest media- A wonderfully written article concerning Israel by  A great new book has been written about Crooked Hillary. Read it &amp; you will never be able to vote for her. _Klein Crooked Hillary Clinton overregulates
I just released my financial disclosure forms
Amazingly
Much of the money I have raised for our veterans has already been distributed
While under no obligation to do so
Join me in California or Montana!




I will be interviewed on  at 800 P.M. Enjoy!
Obamas VA Secretary just said we shouldn't measure


Is Hillary really protecting women? In trade
Thank you America!  The American people are sick and tired of not being able to lead normal lives and to constantly be on the lookout for terror and terrorists!
Bernie Sanders is continuing his quest because he believes that Crooked Hillary Clinton will be forced out of the race - e-mail scandal!
Join me on Wednesday


Crooked Hillary wants a radical 500% increase in Syrian refugees. We cant allow this. Time to get smart and protect America!
How can Crooked Hillary say she cares about women when she is silent on radical Islam
RT  BREAKING POLL Trump Gains 11 Points on Clinton Since March=&gt; Now Leads Crooked Hillary 46-44 Why do the networks continue to put dopey  on panels when he has called every single shot about me wrong for 2 yrs?
Hillary Clinton is not qualified to be president because her judgement has been proven to be so bad! Would be four more years of stupidity!
Crooked Hillary said that I  want guns brought into the school classroom. Wrong!
 I trust  more anyone ever to protect America.He WILL do the right thing for the U.S.A
Thank you to all of the men and women who have served our country. You are our true heroes!  Crooked Hillary Clintons foreign interventions unleashed ISIS in Syria
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! . is so negative
 Hillary wants to rip the guns out of America's hands. No guns = no protection. Get on  &amp; join  to stop her.
Crooked Hillary wants to get rid of all guns and yet she is surrounded by bodyguards who are fully armed. No more guns to protect Hillary!
While our wonderful president was out playing golf all day
Crooked Hillary is spending tremendous amounts of Wall Street money on false ads against me. She is a very dishonest person!
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants to essentially abolish the 2nd Amendment. No gun owner can ever vote for Clinton!
Thank you  for the wonderful statement that the new par 3 9th hole  Turnberry could be the most dramatic in Britain.
  Colin
  Best Links Course in Britain. Ailsa Course opens June '16 Can't wait to play it Thank you for your wonderful endorsement today . It means a great deal to me. We will not disappoint! 
Great day in Kentucky with Wayne LaPierre

Thank you! An honor to be the first candidate ever endorsed by the - prior to !    Failing  will always take a good story about me and make it bad. Every article is unfair and biased. Very sad!
Thanks ! 
 entertaining&amp;massively popular candidate this country has ever seen.
Crooked Hillary Clinton- discussing the  at a private event.  cc  I am on my way! See you all soon! A Call for Unity by Jason Greenblatt  Crooked Hillary can't even close the deal with Bernie - and the Dems have it rigged in favor of Hillary. Four more years of this? No way!
Crooked Hillary Clinton looks presidential? I don't think so! Four more years of Obama and our country will never come back. ISIS LAUGHS!
Look where the world is today
Crooked Hillary has zero imagination and even less stamina. ISIS
I said that Crooked Hillary Clinton is not qualified to be president because she has very bad judgement - Bernie said the same thing!
Thank you . We will respond to terrorism with strength in 2017!

How quality a woman is Rowanne Brewer Lane to have exposed the  as a disgusting fraud?  Thank you Rowanne.
Looks like yet another terrorist attack. Airplane departed from Paris. When will we get tough
My list of potential U.S. Supreme Court Justices was very well recieved. During the next number of weeks I may be adding to the list!
Some low-life journalist claims that I made a pass at her 29 years ago. Never happened! Like the  story which has become a joke!
 

Thank you Louisiana!  Thank you Arizona! See you soon!

Why did Clinton supporter  declare Crooked Hillary winner in KY when AP hasn't even called the race?
Bernie Sanders is being treated very badly by the Democrats - the system is rigged against him. Many of his disenfranchised fans are for me!
Paul Begala
  Trump for President! Bernie is a joke
  The Trump movement will not be stopped. We support Trump because he is a true American looking out for .
Congratulations to THE MOVEMENT
Thank you Oregon!  

 Hillary Just Handed  a Huge Gift Promising to Put Bubba in Charge of the Economy! !
 No way I believe Trump at 70% disapproval with women. Went to 3 rallies. At least 1/2 women. MSM LIES 
Michael Barbaro
_favreau   He will destroy Hillary but why give CNN record breaking ratings CNN can go to hell. Trump 2016
I look so forward to debating Crooked Hillary Clinton! Democrat Primaries are rigged
I can't believe that  would allow the very nice Jeffrey Lord to be savaged by a panel of seven Trump haters. 7 to 1 - Don't watch CNN!
    That man is a pillar of strength and will be perfect as our next president
Well
Will go back on for a final question now!
  Amazing job
_Ttag  Great interview! Happy you had a chance to show the other side of you. Never change
I like Michael Douglas!
 .  Best interview that I have ever seen.
   Great interview Megyn
     and we love you Diamond and Silk  I do also!
 Donald u have done a terrific job so far on the interview. Cannot wait until u r president 
   That's why he is so successful. He is driven to succeed  True!
 Lovely interview
   Watched the Megan Kelly special and I must say..it was very well done on both their parts
  We actually really do love you! Great!
     Thank you for this discourse. Wounds have been healed. Great job!
   it was refreshing to see you both in a different light. Well done.
   Trump is a great man and is FIGHTING for We The People!
   we need Trump more then ever Megyn. Thanks.
   we need Trump more then ever Megan Please don't lose it for America for us!
 Kudos to  and  for rising above the drama and coming together. Very respectful and classy 
   Made me feel good to hear you both so gracious. Great job
  You are a fighter and we LOVE that about you! Don't listen to these people who want you to change!
  great interview with  ! Thanks.
  One thing we know for sure  supporters will turn to  - absolutely not 
  speaks from the heart 4 all of America.His intention is for a positive future 4 all.  

   what's with the soft wimpy questions?!? It's not a therapy session ..!! Not really soft at all!
  amazing on Megan Kelly Thanks.
 . Watching you on Fox with  now. Can't wait to hear what you two talked about.
I will be live tweeting  Show in 10 minutes. Should be interesting. Will be on Fox Network! ENJOY!
Wall Street paid for ad is a fraud
Do you think Crooked Hillary will finally close the deal? If she can't win Kentucky
I will be live tweeting my interview with  on the Fox Network tonight at 8! Enjoy! I look forward to watching  tonight
How can Crooked Hillary put her husband in charge of the economy when he was responsible for NAFTA
Crooked Hillary said her husband is going to be in charge of the economy.If so
 at clerk's offices &amp; 185 ballot drop boxes in !


Crooked Hillary can't close the deal with Bernie Sanders. Will be another bad day for her!
Amazing that Crooked Hillary can do a hit ad on me concerning women when her husband was the WORST abuser of woman in U.S. political history
Oregon is voting today. Keep the big numbers going - VOTE TRUMP! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Crooked Hillary Clinton put out an ad where I am misquoted on women. Can't believe she would misrepresent the facts! My hit was on China
The pathetic new hit ad against me misrepresents the final line. You can tell them to go BLANK themselves - was about China
Wow
 OREGON votes today! Go vote for  and kick it BIG TIME! What Barbara Res does not say is that she would call my company endlessly
I gave a woman named Barbara Res a top N.Y. construction job
In politics
The writer of the now proven false story in the 
Over 50 women were interviewed by the  yet they only wrote about 6. Thats because there were so many positive statements.
No wonder the  is failingwho can believe what they write after the false
The failing  is greatly embarrassed by the totally dishonest story they did on my relationship with women.
Rowanne Brewer

Thank you
With the coming forward today of the woman central to the failing  hit piece on me
A political commentator for 
Wow
The  is so dishonest. Their hit piece cover story on me yesterday was just blown up by Rowanne Brewer
That was an amazing interview on  - I hope the rest of the media picks it up to show how totally dishonest the  is!
Bernie Sanders is being treated very badly by the Dems. The system is rigged against him. He should run as an independent! Run Bernie
Great new poll- thank you!

The  report on potential VP candidates is wrong. Marco Rubio and most others mentioned are NOT under consideration.
Thank you Georgia! See you soon!

The media is really on a witch-hunt against me.  reporting
Why did the failing  refuse to use any of the names given to them that I was so proud to have helped with their careers. DISHONEST!
Wow
Why doesn't the failing  write the real story on the Clintons and women? The media is TOTALLY dishonest!
_Back   keep shining....the ppl will not let the media dim your light...we no longer believe them!  Thanks.
   Everyone continues to pile onto Donald
Everyone is laughing at the  for the lame hit piece they did on me and women.I gave them many names of women I helped-refused to use
   OHIO WOMEN FOR TRUMP  Leicester &amp; DonaldTrump seem to have the same trajectory
   I'm a women &amp; I 100% support  &amp; I have since the beginning. Thank you!
The failing  wrote yet another hit piece on me. All are impressed with how nicely I have treated women
Thank you for the nice words this morning . Well delivered and totally logical!    
 Sheldon Adelson Pledges $100 Million to Elect Trump President - Breitbart Wow
Great new poll- thank you! If Crooked Hillary Clinton can't close the deal on Crazy Bernie
An incredible honor to receive the endorsement of a person I

.  Your story about me &amp; the carbon tax is absolutely incorrectit is just the opposite. I will not support or endorse a carbon tax!
Senator Lindsey Graham called me yesterday
Great meeting with  Mitch McConnell and Republican leaders in D.C.  Great day in D.C. with  and Republican leadership. Things working out really well!  If it were up to goofy Elizabeth Warren
In interview I told  that my taxes are under routine audit and I would release my tax returns when audit is complete
Isnt it funny when a failed Senator like goofy Elizabeth Warren can spend a whole day tweeting about Trump &amp; gets nothing done in Senate?
Goofy Elizabeth Warren lied when she says I want to abolish the Federal Minimum Wage. See mediaasking for increase!
Our Native American Senator
Goofy Elizabeth Warren is now using the womans card like her friend crooked Hillary. See her dumb tweet when a woman stands up to you
If the people of Massachusetts found out what an ineffective Senator goofy Elizabeth Warren has been
Thanks Piers.   RT  'Duck Dynasty' star Phil Robertson says he'll back Trump for president Goofy Elizabeth Warren didnt have the guts to run for POTUS. Her phony Native American heritage stops that and VP cold.
Goofy Elizabeth Warren has been one of the least effective Senators in the entire U.S. Senate. She has done nothing!
I don't want to hit Crazy Bernie Sanders too hard yet because I love watching what he is doing to Crooked Hillary. His time will come!
Big wins in West Virginia and Nebraska. Get ready for November - Crooked Hillary
Thank you Nebraska!

Thank you West Virginia!

RT  LOUISIANA GENERAL ELECTION

True
RT  OHIO GENERAL ELECTION

True
The Clintons spend millions on negative ads on me &amp; I cant tell the truth about her husband? Dont feel sorry for crooked Hillary!
Hillary has bad judgment! It was so great being in Nebraska last week. Today is the big dayget out and vote!
I look very much forward to meeting w/Paul Ryan &amp; the GOP Party Leadership on Thurs in DC. Together
Via  and Jason Greenblatt  Donald Trump is a Visionary With Talents Our Country Needs    WEST VIRGINIA  TODAY!


NEBRASKA  TODAY!


It is only the people that were never asked to be VP that tell the press that they will not take the position.
It was Rosie O'Donnell who ate the cake in the vicious Hillary commercial about me
Why does the media
.   Great job on  this morning. Thank you for the nice words!
Get out and vote Nebraska
Get out and vote West Virginia
 I am a woman &amp; I JUST VOTED FOR     Thank you Jason Greenblatt  For Our Children Let's Elect Donald Trump  RT  interesting poll results so far (and go vote on I am lowering taxes far more than any other candidate. Any negotiated increase by Congress to my proposal would still be lower than current!
I will have set the all time record in primary votes in the Republican party despite having to compete against 17 other people!
If I only had 1 person running against me in the primaries like Hillary Clinton
Crooked Hillary Clinton says that she got more primary votes than Donald Trump. But I had 17 people to beatshe had one!
  


  


_Monkey    Is Chris serious
   The liars that signed the pledge and now won't support  IS the reason they are losers
  you had a great interview with Donald today! I started watching your show due to Donald Trump.
Will be interviewed by  on   at 730 A.M. Enjoy!
   good interview Mr. Trump. You set the facts straight. Thank you.
Wow
I will be interviewed on  at 700 A.M.
.  Russell Moore is truly a terrible representative of Evangelicals and all of the good they stand for. A nasty guy with no heart!
 On   was on the ball &amp;  is in a time warped stupor.  will EXPAND 
I will be interviewed on   at 700 A.M.
I will win the election against Crooked Hillary despite the people in the Republican Party that are currently and selfishly opposed to me!
On  show  now. ENJOY!
Crooked Hillary just can't close the deal with Bernie. It will be the same way with ISIS
.  Kellyanne
I will be interviewed on  this morning. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed on This Week with George S this morning. Enjoy!
! 

 I want a leader that will shoot straight with us. The politicians can't.  will give his all for us!
. thank you for your support tonight on .
Remember when the two failed presidential candidates
I am honored that the great men and women of the  have created a movement from within called Teamsters for Trump! Thank you.
I am going to keep our jobs in the U.S.
Join me in Washington today!




Goofy Elizabeth Warren is weak and ineffective. Does nothing. All talk
Goofy Elizabeth Warren and her phony Native American heritage are on a Twitter rant. She is too easy! I'm driving her nuts.
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants completely open borders. Millions of Democrats will run from her over this and support me.
Just met with courageous family of Sarah Root in Nebraska. Sarah was horribly killed by illegal immigrant
Goofy Elizabeth Warren
Lets properly check goofy Elizabeth Warrens records to see if she is Native American. I say shes a fraud!
I hope corrupt Hillary Clinton chooses goofy Elizabeth Warren as her running mate. I will defeat them both.
Response to 

I hear  of rapidly fading _Joe is pushing hard for a third party candidate to run. This will guarantee a Crooked Hillary win.
Joe Scarborough initially endorsed Jeb Bush and Jeb crashed
Thank you to teachers across America! When I become POTUS we will make education a far more important component of our life than it is now.
Crooked Hillary has ZERO leadership ability. As Bernie Sanders says
Paul Ryan said that I inherited something very special
  Many would say that you are the only talented person running for the top job this time!  
So many great endorsements yesterday
Governor Rick Perry said Donald Trump is one of the most talented people running for the Presidency I've ever seen. Thank you Rick!
Unlike crooked Hillary Clinton
Thank you West Virginia. Let's keep it going. Go out and vote on Tuesday - we will win big. 
Can you believe Crooked Hillary said
Join me tomorrow!  







Bernie Sanders has been treated terribly by the Democratsboth with delegates &amp; otherwise. He should show them
Happy ! The best taco bowls are made in Trump Tower Grill. I love Hispanics! I will be interviewed by   at 6pm ET tonight 
Many reports that I will be attending the Alvarez/Khan fight this weekend in Vegas. Totally untrue! Unfortunately I have other plans.
Join me in Charleston
I will be interviewed on  at 730 A.M. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed on  and Good Morning America at 700 A.M.
I will be interviewed on _Joe at 615 A.M. Enjoy!
I would rather run against Crooked Hillary Clinton than Bernie Sanders and that will happen because the books are cooked against Bernie!
What a great evening we had. So interesting that Sanders beat Crooked Hillary. The dysfunctional system is totally rigged against him!
.  Please correct
Thank you Indiana
Thank you Indiana! 

Lyin' Ted Cruz consistently said that he will
Wow
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!


Polls close at 6pm!    

Thank you America!  

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!



MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!


Thank you South Bend

RT  Wow! I am speechless! Thank you to my sidekick  who keeps me &amp; the  in line! Will be in South Bend
Will be interviewed on  tonight at 10pmE. Enjoy! 
THANK YOU AMERICA!

RT  Donald Trump Jr. On The Record Why Trump International Hotels And Residences Are Still Winning via  Thank you Carmel
Honored to have received the endorsement of Lou Holtz - a great guy!   I will defeat Crooked Hillary Clinton on 11/8/2016. 

I will be campaigning in Indiana all day. Things are looking great
Everybody is talking about the protesters burning the American flags and proudly waving Mexican flags. I want America First - so do voters!
Gov Mike Pence has just stated that Donald Trump has taken a strong stance on Hoosier jobs
Crooked Hillary Clinton said she is used to dealing with men who get off the reservation. Actually
I will be interviewed on     at 730 A.M. Enjoy!
Join me in Carmel

Thank you Fort Wayne

Thank you Terre Haute

. is a failed Jeb Bushy. Never says anything good &amp; never will
I am on  with Chris Wallace- his 20th year anniversary with 
Will be in Terre Haute
I watched Sen. Graham . Why don't they say that I ran him out of the race like a little boy
Thank you Indiana!  I will be in Indiana on Sunday and Monday at four MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rallies. See you there!
Thank you  for the nice comments on  today. Great job!
Trump locks down Delaware GOP delegates.   

The economy is bad and getting worse-almost ZERO growth this quarter. Nobody can beat me on the economy (and jobs). MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
    The protesters in California were thugs and criminals. Many are professionals. They should be dealt with strongly by law enforcement!
.  Anderson
We are now at 1001 delegates. We will win on the first ballot and are not wasting time and effort on other ballots because system is rigged!
Thank you Indiana!  Crooked Hillary Clinton
Wow
Thank you Costa Mesa
New York Yankees President

I will be interviewed on  with the legendary Coach Bobby Knight- tomorrow morning. Enjoy!  RT  Seems out of touch w/ reality to announce a VP nominee before securing 1237 delegates. RT  Carly Fiorina no lifeboat for a fast-sinking  campaign    Thank you Evansville

Heading to rally with Bobby now! See you soon!

So many false and phony T.V. commercials being broadcast in Indiana. Reminds me of Florida where thousands were put up-I won in a landslide!
I will be in Evansville
Lyin' Ted Cruz
I will be interviewed on the  at 700 A.M. this morning. Enjoy!
Thank you to all for the wonderful reviews of my foreign policy speech. I will soon be speaking in great detail on numerous other topics!
 I cried when they said you made a clean sweep of all 5 states. I was SO HAPPY! I really adore you Mr. Trump
Getting the strong endorsement of the great coach
I am in Indiana where we just had a great rally. Fantastic people! Staying at a Holiday Inn Express - new and clean
Thank you Laura!  Thank you for the endorsement

Join me on - from Indianapolis

RT  An Honor to be in  w   &amp; the legend
THANK YOU Connecticut
Agreed! Thank you Newt! RT  GREATEST FOREIGN POLICY SPEECH SINCE WASHINGTON'S FAREWELL ADDRESS.
Thanks Dave! Thanks! Thank you! WE will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Thank you! Thank you Delaware!  Thank you Rhode Island!  Thank you Connecticut!  Thank you Pennsylvania!  Thank you Maryland!  Thank you America!  Lets 

You have until 8pm to 
Thank you for a great day yesterday

Six hours left to  Connecticut! Lets go Pennsylvania!  

How bad is the New York Timesthe most inaccurate coverage constantly. Always trying to belittle. Paper has lost its way!
Thank you for the incredible support- Melania

Bernie Sanders has been treated terribly by the Democratsboth with delegates &amp; otherwise. He should show them
Thank you  &amp; .  

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

The Cruz-Kasich pact is under great strain. This joke of a deal is falling apart
Thank you Wilkes-Barre


Get out and VOTE tomorrow! We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 


Passing what was once a vibrant manufacturing area in Pennsylvania. So sad!  Thank you West Chester


Thank you Warwick


RT _REPORT DEAD HEAT CLINTON VS TRUMP On the way to the great state of Rhode Island- big rally. Then to Pennsylvania for rest of day and night!
Kasich just announced that he wants the people of Indiana to vote for him. Typical politician - can't make a deal work.
Shows how weak and desperate Lyin' Ted is when he has to team up with a guy who openly can't stand him and is only 1 win and 38 losses.
Lyin' Ted Cruz and 1 for 38 Kasich are unable to beat me on their own so they have to team up (collusion) in a two on one. Shows weakness!
Lyin' Ted and Kasich are mathematically dead and totally desperate. Their donors &amp; special interest groups are not happy with them. Sad!
Wow
I am happy to hear how badly the  is doing. It is a seriously failing paper with readership which is way down. Becoming irrelevant!
 . awesome job on . DonaldTrump has integrity &amp; he refuses 2 play the game call Delegate Bribery
  turned Trump from frontrunner into presumptive  nominee I will be in Maryland this afternoon for a major rally. Things are looking good for Tuesday!
.  Great job and advice on     Thank you!
. was great on  tonight. Very smart commentary that will prove to be correct!
As soon as John Kasich is hit with negative ads
I had a great day campaigning in Connecticut. Looking for a big vote on Tuesday!
Congratulations to  on his great ratings and ratings increase as reported by the  today. Amazing job!
Lynne Ryan  just read your great story in the NY Times  I am proud of you. Thanks! Thank you Delaware!  


Thank you Bridgeport


The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. Stop them now 
Thank you Waterbury




Pennsylvania Cast your vote for Trump for POTUS &amp; ALSO vote for the TRUMP DELEGATES in your congressional district! Will be spending the day campaigning in Connecticut
Thank you Pennsylvania! 

Thank you Indiana! Was great seeing everyone on Wednesday! I will be back soon! 

Thank you California! See you soon!


Thank you

Thank you for the incredible support


I met Prince on numerous occasions. He was an amazing talent and wonderful guy. He will be greatly missed!
Cruz said Kasich should leave because he couldn't get to 1237. Now he can't get to 1237. Drop out LYIN' Ted.
Both Ted Cruz and John Kasich have no path to victory. They should both drop out of the race so that the Republican Party can unify!
Senator Ted Cruz has been MATHEMATICALLY ELIMINATED from race. He said Kasich should get out for same reason. I think both should get out!
I will be doing the  with my wife
Thank you Maryland- what a great way to conclude the day! Will be back soon.  We are going to bring steel and manufacturing back to Indiana!
Had a meeting with the terrific  of Indiana. So excited to campaign in his wonderful state! Thank you Indiana! Will be back soon!

 Watch this 360 video of my speech last night at Trump Tower- Off to Indiana!  Ted Cruz is mathematically out of winning the race. Now all he can do is be a spoiler
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!     Thank you New York
Thank you New York! I love you!

. is so negative it is impossible to watch. Terrible panel
 Look everybody
__org  Your policies will make this state and country great again!    Everybody is In A New York State of Mind now!
Polls close in 3 hours! Everyone get out and VOTE!


RT  A message from Donald J. Trump to NEW YORK!
True
Discussing 



1988 with Oprah- discussing why I would never rule out a run for .

Who did the House Task Force on




LETS GO AMERICA! Time to take back



  closing speech in


Join me in Indianapolis


Thank you Eric! A big day for New York and for our COUNTRY! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I am on  at 700 A.M. ENJOY!
Thank you Buffalo!  

 

Lyin Ted Cruz even voted against Superstorm Sandy aid and September 11th help. So many New Yorkers devastated. Cruz hates New York!
New York
Kasich only looks O.K. in polls against Hillary because nobody views him as a threat and therefore have placed ZERO negative ads against him
Lyin' Ted Cruz can't win with the voters so he has to sell himself to the bosses-I am millions of VOTES ahead! Hillary would destroy him &amp; K
 . is who we need 2 fix this corrupted
Thank you for today's endorsement

Thank you

I would have millions of votes more than Hillary except for the fact that I had 17 opponents and she just had a socialist named Bernie!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is spending a fortune on ads against me. I am the one person she doesn't want to run against. Will be such fun!
Lyin' Ted Cruz can't get votes (I am millions ahead of him) so he has to get his delegates from the Republican bosses. It won't work!
Lyin' Ted Cruz will never be able to beat Hillary. Despite a rigged delegate system
I'll be in one of my favorite places this morning
  

Thank you California

See you tomorrow Dutchess County


Will be on Hannity tonight. Rebroadcast of town hall from Pittsburgh
_621   I think it's more like 64%.  !
 New CBS Poll shows defections from Cruz's core supporters &amp; increased support for  ...Not surprising.
 Dear  I'm starting to believe that you're actually going to WIN!    _Supporter Trump Holds 66% Favorable Rating in New York  Leads Hillary Clinton by 19pts in Empire... THANK YOU

Just arrived in Syracuse
  this morning. 

I will be interviewed on  at 900 A.M. I will be talking about the rigged and boss controlled Republican primaries!
   I just voted for  in Indiana. Everyone I talk to was following suit! Fantastic!
_stamper     we are becoming a third world country because of jerks like him Great!
  We love you Donald ! Finally someone who actually cares about us .. !! _  Praying for your family and your win in New York. Thank you!
Join me this weekend! 





Thank you

Thank you America!  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Join me on Saturday- in Syracuse

Thank you Pittsburgh

Big protest march in Colorado on Friday afternoon! Don't let the bosses take your vote!
The rules DID CHANGE in Colorado shortly after I entered the race in June because the pols and their bosses knew I would win with the voters
Biggest story in politics is now happening in the great State of Colorado where over one million people have been precluded from voting!
Will be interviewed by  on  tonight at 10pm from Pennsylvania. Enjoy!  Join me in Pittsburgh- tonight at 7pmE!  

     Great to be on  tonight with my wonderful family. Will be rebroadcast at 1200 A.M.  (EASTERN).
I LOVE NEW YORK!  

THANK YOU California

Missouri just confirmed  as the official winner- with an additional 12 delegates.  WOW

Thank you Albany


Join me in Rome


Tune in &amp; join me live in Albany

A very interesting piece
Leaving for Albany
Why does the liberal media think Bill O'Reilly  () is a complete and total vulgarian? I don't think so!
Colorado Trump Delegates Scratched from Ballots at GOP Convention This is happening all over our countrygreat people being disenfranchised by

   Thanks for Rochester rally.  Great people
  just listened to you on fox. I love you so much.  Thank you!
  Great job on Fox n Friends this morning. Very well spoken and presidential. 
   Trump needs to hold a massive protest rally in Colorado. He'd get 100k &amp; own the news cycle
I will be interviewed on  at 700 A.M. Enjoy!
The people of Colorado had their vote taken away from them by the phony politicians. Biggest story in politics. This will not be allowed!
How is it possible that the people of the great State of Colorado never got to vote in the Republican Primary? Great anger - totally unfair!
 

I win a state in votes and then get non-representative delegates because they are offered all sorts of goodies by Cruz campaign. Bad system!
The  purposely covers me so inaccurately. I want other nations to pay the U.S. for our defense of them. We are the suckers-no more!
 New Jersey Man Joseph Hornick Willing to Go to Jail for Flying Trump Flag - Breitbart      let's go Pa he has my vote Go Trump
  Rochester loves you! See you tomorrow!    A big crowd!
_berta   Millions more will burn their Republican registration if GOP continues to subvert the will of the people.
  _Cali If the GOP screws Trump
 GOP is trying to steal nomination from the winner (Trump) not block an insurgent catching up 2 frontrunner (Sanders).
_savage  is the only person who can save us from this corrupt political mess. 
   California women love Mr Trump too. Will make it happen in New York on April 19. Go out &amp; vote.
    .Lets get it done Philadelphia Pa.Make Trump your pick for president now.
      Your tax and economic plans are second to none! _Cali Poll shows  leads among registered Republican women with 44%.    here your delegate replaced at CO GOP convention. A great honor to visit the 9/11 Memorial Museum with my wife
  The Real Person Of The Year!   Fugedaboudit!!! The woman in New York love Donald Trump!!! Bernie Sanders says that Hillary Clinton is unqualified to be president. Based on her decision making ability
Isn't it a shame that the person who will have by far the most delegates and many millions more votes than anyone else
  Yes! Thank U 4 coming to LI! It was a thrill 2 B part of it! U will get the job done!   
   Trump will be our best president since Reagan!
  Thank you
   we love you and know you will do an awesome job! Saw you in bethpage !!  Thank you.
 All you haters out there
 We support you . You will go far in life. Smart and courageous!
 HELLO BOYS! this is my formal endorsement of  &amp; I'm a woman! (last I checked) And Rudy
 Reports are RNC has received +1 million postcards so far! If I get more info on  I'll post  Donald TrumpThe Disrupter will air on  Saturday night and Sunday night at 8 PM ET. Anchored by . 
Nobody beats me on National Security. 

Looks like I was right about NATO. I had no doubt. Jennifer is a terrific person. _U_OK_UK      Vote trump to save the west. Don't become like Europe - 
 Great interview with  on  regarding  path to victory   
  Great Interview on CNN-Being from CT- I am thrilled you are part of this Team-GO TRUMP!
So great to be in New York. Catching up on many things (remember
  first WWE Hall of Famer to become president?
  let's have the policy speeches on immigration
   Thanks Rudy!!! Trump will be a great president!!
  we can only do that with  RT     Cruz is hated in New York. He should go home - no place for a phony
Ted Cruz attacked New Yorkers and New York values- we don't forget!   Unbelievable evening. Just made a speech in front 17
I was not scheduled to be on the . Pure fiction!
It is so great to be back home! Looking forward to a great rally tonight in Bethpage
Still time to get out and VOTE!


RT  Last chance  Find your polling location for today's primary &amp; go vote! Visit Wow


RT   To find your voting location visit  Challenge to all WI gun owners. Vote .The only candidate that will protect your rights! Wisconsin
Good morning Wisconsin! The polls are now open!  today &amp; we will MakeAmericaGreatAgain! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

   is the only guy
 Something VERY close to my heart. I'm a NAVY VET! I love 's  VETERANS ADMINISTRATION REFORMS.
I will be on  - tonight at 10pmE w/ 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Leaving Superior

Wow
Will be interviewed on  on  from  tonight. My wife
Congratulations Jim Herman! We are all proud of you !

Just departing La Crosse

This Tweet from  has been withheld in response to a report from the copyright holder.
A great day in Wisconsin
A great night in West Allis

I am on  with  doing a town hall

Congratulations to  for winning the . We are all proud of you  &amp; all  clubs! Great going!
I will be in Milwaukee
Thank you Miss Katie's Diner!


Thank you New York

 I don't care about the game
Thank you!       IS THE ONLY DEAL !!!   VOTE SMART  RECORDS R SEALED.. WHAT IS HE HIDING? SAVE AMERICA W/   is reviewing the week
I will be on  with Chris Wallace this morning. Enjoy!
 Tune in for our sit-down interview with Republican frontrunner ! Thank you Eau Claire


I will be interviewed by  on  tomorrow morning. Enjoy! 
A GREAT DAY IN WISCONSIN!


. should be ashamed for allowing experts to explain how to make a nuclear attack!
.- Thank you for your nice words on Fox today. They never use my full statements on nuclear
Great honor to have  General Counsel
Join me on Monday

Wisconsin has suffered a great loss of jobs and trade
I will be in Wisconsin until the election. Jobs
If  stopped covering me on her show
Is it possible for  to cover anyone but Donald Trump on her terrible show. She totally misrepresents my words and positions! BAD.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 

Can you believe that Ted Cruz
We must build a great wall between Mexico and the United States! My new radio ad


Does anybody like Lyin' Ted? For the 1st time in American history
The National Border Patrol Council (NBPC) said that our open border is the biggest physical &amp; economic threat facing the American people!
The Club For Growth said in their ad that 465 delegates (Cruz) plus 143 delegates (Kasich) is more than my 739 delegates. Try again!
The Club For Growth
 

THANK YOU
THANK YOU


THANK YOU


Just had a very nice meeting with  Priebus and the . Looking forward to bringing the Party 

The Trump Doctrine Peace Through Strength.  

 Nothing you say will change my mind! Woman for     I'm a democrat and switch over to republican just to vote for trump in the primary.  Great!
Thank you- Appleton


Congratulations to  for having the wisdom to pick TRUMP!   Please keep your thoughts &amp; prayers with Melissa Young- Miss Wisconsin 2005. THANK YOU


RT  Nice piece and video today in the Wall Street Journal Trumps three eldest children jump into campaign . got thrown off of TV by NBC
Final 's just announced in the GREAT State of MO. TRUMP WINS! New certified 's show a 365 vote increase for me-  least 12 more delegates!
Thank you!  Trump defends campaign manager charged for bruising a reporter

Thank you!  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Why is this reporter touching me as I leave news conference? What is in her hand?? This was the reporters statement- when she found out there was tape from my facility
Victory press conference was over. 

Why aren't people looking at this reporters earliest statement as to what happened
Wow
How come the  &amp;  show the new  Poll for Hillary vs Bernie but do not show the SAME poll where I am killing Cruz?
I have millions more votes/hundreds more dels than Cruz or Kasich
Wow
We need to secure our borders ASAP. No games
Lyin' Ted
Lyin'Ted Cruz is weak &amp; losing big
After the way I beat Gov. Scott Walker (and Jeb
  Cruz will say anything that is contrary to what you have to say. If you're for Motherhood
Just released that international gangs are all over our cities. This will end when I am President!
  Campaign-to-date popular GOP totals  7
Ted Cruz is incensed that I want to refocus NATO on terrorism
A detainee released from Gitmo has killed an American. When will our so-called leaders ever learn!
Kirsten Powers Anti- Trump Operative was Aggressively Shopping Cruz Story 

  We stand by Trump 100%  Thank you!
I will be interviewed on  at 730. Things are looking good
   will defeat ISIS and  The United States cannot continue to make such bad
See Lyin' Ted
Just to show you how unfair Republican primary politics can be
Why can't the pundits be honest? Hopefully we are all looking for a strong and great country again. I will make it strong and great!  JOBS!
Another radical Islamic attack
Happy Easter to all
My statement on NATO being obsolete and disproportionately too expensive (and unfair) for the U.S. are now
Wow
I am interviewed on This Week on  this morning. Enjoy!
Remember
Don't believe the  Polls
Wisconsin's economy is doing poorly and like everywhere else in U.S.
Nobody will protect our Nation like Donald J. Trump. Our military will be greatly strengthened and our borders will be strong. Illegals out!
Lyin' Ted Cruz is now trying to convince prople that his problems with The National Enq.were caused by me. I had NOTHING to do with story!
The press is going out of their way to convince people that I do not like or respect women
The media is so after me on women  Wow
     WOMEN LOVE TRUMP. TRUMP'S EXECS PREDOMINANTLY FEMALE. 
 Dear 
  Let me help you Trumpophobes with math Trump ($10.3B-$1.2M 74' equity)/1.2M = 858
 Turns out  was wrong.  had nothing to do with it  Your instincts on foreign policy &amp; terrorism have been better than all of these so called experienced politicians combined.
Top suspect in Paris massacre
  blames  for so many things I am starting to think he is having a mental health crisis.
Wow
I didn't start the fight with Lyin'Ted Cruz over the GQ cover pic of Melania
Just won a big federal lawsuit similar in certain ways to the Trump U case but the press refuses to write about it. If I lost-monster story!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Endorsements for Lyin' Ted Cruz- _  Cruz &amp; Rubio are scared! WATCH -&gt; Europe and the U.S. must immediately stop taking in people from Syria. This will be the destruction of civilization as we know it! So sad!
Just announced that as many as 5000 ISIS fighters have infiltrated Europe. Also
_S_Freud   They're all brain-dead puppets with skeletons in their closet. I say you go on and destroy them all A dead show
Explain how the women on The View
. T.V. show
Hillary Clinton has been working on solving the terrorism problem for years. TIME FOR A CHANGE
   Talkers think about the future
It is amazing how often I am right
Remember when I recently said that Brussels is a hell hole and a mess and the failing  wrote a critical article. I was so right!
These politicians like Cruz and Graham
. and Lyin' Ted Cruz are two politicians who are very much alike - ALL TALK AND NO ACTION! Both talk about ISIS
It is amazing how  gets on so many T.V. shows talking negatively about me when I beat him so badly (ZERO) in his pres run!
 . thank God is not a politician
We pay a disproportionate share of the cost of N.A.T.O. Why? It is time to renegotiate
N.A.T.O. is obsolete and must be changed to additionally focus on terrorism as well as some of the things it is currently focused on!
_Vito_08 A picture is worth a thousand words         Donald Trump will be greater  president than Ragan. Trump will set the button for morality
   self-funded and media loves him. Not beholden to masters like . Who owns Ted?
  You have over 2M followers more than than . This says something about how America feels.  
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I want to thank  for all of his help in our historic Arizona win. Could not have done it without you Joe!
While I believe I will clinch before Cleveland and get more than 1237 delegates
I think having Jeb's endorsement hurts Lyin' Ted. Jeb spent more than $150
I will be the best by far in fighting terror. Im the only one that was right from the beginning
Just watched Hillary deliver a prepackaged speech on terror. Shes been in office fighting terror for 20 years- and look where we are!
Low energy Jeb Bush just endorsed a man he truly hates
Lyin Ted Cruz steals foreign policy from me
Thank you


Lyin' Ted Cruz denied that he had anything to do with the G.Q. model photo post of Melania. That's why we call him Lyin' Ted!
Hopefully the Republican Party can come together and have a big WIN in November
Much bigger win than anticipated in Arizona. Thank you
Thank you

Incompetent Hillary
Lyin' Ted Cruz just used a picture of Melania from a G.Q. shoot in his ad. Be careful
Pres. Obama should leave the baseball game in Cuba immediately &amp; get home to Washington- where a 
Obama
 message from ! 


 message from !   

 video 
My heart &amp; prayers go out to all of the victims of the terrible  tragedy. This madness must be stopped
Watch this clip from earlier this year. Time &amp; time again I have been right about terrorism. Its time to get tough! I have proven to be far more correct about terrorism than anybody- and its not even close. Hopefully AZ and UT will be voting for me today!
RT   We made it easy to find your polling location for today's primary! Simply visit MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
President Obama looks and sounds so ridiculous making his speech in Cuba
Do you all remember how beautiful and safe a place Brussels was. Not anymore
 Here's Trump  in case anyone missed it. It is a must watch.   The media is corrupt! We The People are fighting with you.
Wow
Big Republican Dinner tonight at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach. I will be there!
   Dont worry Trump
So the highly overrated anchor
The protesters blocked a major highway yesterday
Why is it that the horrendous protesters
Will be interviewed on  this morning. Enjoy!
 Whats 's strategy to secure the GOP nomination? Ill talk to the Republican front-runner. .
The rallies in Utah and Arizona were great! Tremendous crowds and spirit. Just returned but will be going back soon.
 TRUMP IS NOT AFRAID OF ANYTHING OR ANYONE - THAT'S THE PRESIDENT USA NEEDS TO UNITE US &amp; KNOCK THE SOCKS OFF OUR ENEMIES!
THANK YOU ARIZONA! Get out and  on Tuesday!  

Thank you- Tucson

.- You are a true journalistic professional. I so agree with what you say. Keep up the great work! 
.- Watching your show from Arizona where we just had a big rally. It is fantastic- everybody loves it!

.- Just watched you on  with a large group of people. Everybody loves you- two amazing people! 
THANK YOU ARIZONA! 20

Wow
Great to be back in Arizona!

If crazy  didn't cover me so much on her terrible show
Crazy  says I don't (won't) go on her show and she still gets good ratings. But almost all of her shows are negative hits on me!
 after tonight it is clear! Utah is        Check out HANNITY EXCLUSIVE EVENT WITH TRUMP IN PHOENIX
 Honored to be in  with retired General Robert C. Oaks. We are so thankful for his support and endorsement here in SLC
 Actually
 It's great to see supporters like you along the way...watching Americans come together the past 8 months 
 1st time I heard  I said wow. I liked him! I then became a closet  fan. Today? He's the ONLY 1 I will vote for!
 Vets For A Strong America Endorses Donald Trump for president; We've Endorsed Him
 Sheriff Joe Arpaio AZ Endorses Donald J Trump for President of the United States     Realistic Trump Poll Numbers translate to the 70 percentile range in a two-man race. Gee
   I totally agree!  is strictly conceptual and theoretical and has NO COMMONSENSE!
Thank you- New York! I love you!

Landing in Phoenix now. Tomorrow's events will be amazing! 
Reading  of the NY Times is a total waste of time
While I have never met  of the NY Times
Heading to Phoneix. Will be arriving soon. Tomorrow a big day. Tremendous crowds expected!  
Watching - fantastic show! Has very interesting take on Paul Ryan.
Just leaving Salt Lake City

RT  Utah Speaker of the House announces endorsement of . Says  played a big role
Why haven't they released the final Missouri victory for us yet? Could it be because Cruz's guy runs Missouri?
I guess I have reached yet another ceiling  - 49.7%
Do you believe that Hillary Clinton now wants Obamacare for illegal immigrants? She should spend more time taking care of our great Vets!
Everybody should boycott the  show. Never worth watching. Always a hit on Trump! She is sick
Thank you Arizona- I love you! 

Join me tomorrow! 


Mitt Romney is a mixed up man who doesn't have a clue. No wonder he lost!
Failed Presidential Candidate Mitt Romney was campaigning with John Kasich &amp; Marco Rubio
Failed presidential candidate Mitt Romney
Going to Salt Lake City
Club for Growth letter- trying to extort $1
Club For Growth tried to extort $1
With millions of dollars of negative and phony ads against me by the establishment
. got fired like a dog from RedState

Senator  made horrible statements about   and then he endorsed him. No wonder nobody trusts politicians!
Lyin' Ted Cruz lost all five races on Tuesday-and he was just given the jinx - a Lindsey Graham endorsement. Also backed Jeb. Lindsey got 0!
Join us in Salt Lake City


Hillary Clinton has been involved in corruption for most of her professional life!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Who should star in a reboot of Liar Liar- Hillary Clinton or Ted Cruz? Let me know. Highly overrated &amp; crazy  is always complaining about Trump and yet she devotes her shows to me. Focus on others Megyn!
Looking like my 5 victories on Tuesday will be just as good as if I won Ohio. Two more days and Ohio was mine!
See you in Arizona on Friday and Saturday. Please explain to the dummies at the   Editorial Board that I love to debate and have won
. is bad at math. The good news is
. Editorial says Clinton primary vote total is 8
The reason lyin' Ted Cruz has lost so much of the evangelical vote is that they are very smart and just don't tolerate liars-a big problem!
Crazy  is now complaining that   did not defend her against me - yet her bad show is a total hit piece on me.Tough!
Great news that  has cancelled the additional debate. How many times can the same people ask the same question? I beat Cruz debating
Crazy  supposedly had lyin' Ted Cruz on her show last night. Ted is desperate and his lying is getting worse. Ted can't win!
Stuart Stevens
I will be interviewed on The O'Reilly Factor this evening at 8 pm on the Fox News Channel. 
Thank you
Wow
RT  I can skate here ONLY b/c  fixed this rink after NYC govt spent $13M
I am making a big speech the night of the  debate
Thank you to the Governor of Florida
In the last 2 weeks
Yesterday was amazing5 victories.  Lyin Ted Cruz

Is this what we want for a President? .  Great job on television this morning. Glad to have you on my side!
 . I think  can beat HillaryClinton. And I'm looking forward to Trump being president.
. You were great last night and we all very much appreciate it! Thank you!
I will be interviewed on  at 830 A.M. ENJOY!
Will be interviewed on _Joe at 740. ENJOY!
Will be interviewed on  on  at 715 A.M.
Will be interviewed on  at 700 A.M. Big wins last night!
    That's funny
  I thank God you are on board with  to help him and us  Ty!!
Thank you Marco
I only wish my wonderful daughter Tiffany could have been with us at 

Thank you Illinois!  

Thank you

Watching other networks and local news. Really good night! Crazy  is unwatchable.
Thank you

Thank you

Can't watch Crazy Megyn anymore. Talks about me at 43% but never mentions that there are four people in race. With two people
    If media wasn't so biased against Trump
  is trying so hard to bash  it's ridiculous Don't worry
_Styborski      Hayes is looking depressed as well.      I tried to give them a shot tonight
     She's choking on the results! Call her justifiable Kelly. Justifying everything she says.
 Was going to watch  for the primary results but saw  - looks like  tonight
Word is that
A lot of complaints from people saying my name is not on the ballot in various places in Florida? Hope this is false.
I will bring our jobs back to the U.S.
In presidential voting so far
Ohio is losing jobs to Mexico
Watching John Kasich being interviewed - acting so innocent and like such a nice guy. Remember him in second debate
RT  Mathematically it is statistically impossible for Kasich to get to 1237 - he would need 112% of the remaining delegates to b
 







North Carolina lost 300
RT  Friends in     &amp;  we would be honored to have your !    
Just in
Good morning Ohio! Some additional information from my daughter
Don't reward Mitt Romney
Please remember
I will bring our jobs back to America
Rubio is weak on illegal immigration
Kasich voted for NAFTA
    Listening to interview on replay of  Savage Nation  DONALD TRUMP !!!!! Thanks.
   I believe that  will be the big winner tomorrow.  Thank you!
   Who started this mess
Sadly

THANK YOU - Youngstown
Kasich has helped decimate the coal and steel industries in Ohio. I will bring them back! 
Gov Kasich voted for NAFTA
Leaving the great people of North Carolina. Amazing event. Heading to Tampa now! 
Look forward to being in Tampa this afternoon. Wonderful crowds. Thank you
We don't have a country- if we don't have borders.  

Just received from _14. 



RT  LIVE Stream Donald Trump about to speak in Boca Raton

True
LYIN' TED The failing  is truly one of the worst newspapers. They knowingly write lies and never even call to fact check. Really bad people!
Because Gov. Kasich cannot run in the state of Pennsylvania-he cannot win the nomination- &amp; should not be allowed to compete in Ohio on Tue.
Carly Fiorina- I agree! Ted Cruz is just another politician. All talk- no action!

Thank you Kevin. With unification of the party

Gov.Kasich of Ohio just stated on a morning show that he doesn't watch politics or anything on television
Ohio Gov.Kasich voted for NAFTA
Bernie Sanders is lying when he says his disruptors aren't told to go to my events. Be careful Bernie
 It is repulsive that Trump was assaulted+politicians used that 2 further themselves+2 further victimize Trump! DISGUSTING!!
Wow
RT  Trump says the chaos in Chicago was a planned attack. But Hillary insists it was a spontaneous reaction to an internet
USSS did an excellent job stopping the maniac running to the stage. He has ties to ISIS. Should be in jail! Do the people of Ohio know that John Kasich is STRONGLY in favor of Common Core! In other words
 

Just finished my second speech. 20K in Dayton &amp; 25K in Cleveland- perfectly behaved crowd. Thanks- I love you
It is Clinton and Sanders people who disrupted my rally in Chicago - and then they say I must talk to my people. Phony politicians!
The last person that Hillary or Bernie want to run against is Donald Trump - and that is fact!
We are asking law enforcement to check for dishonest early voting in Florida- on behalf of little Marco Rubio. 

Word is-early voting in FL is very dishonest. Little Marco
The rally in Cincinnati is ON. Media put out false reports that it was cancelled! 

Thank you Dayton
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
On my way to Dayton
The rally in Cincinnati is ON. Media put out false reports that it was cancelled. Will be great - love you Ohio!
Ohio had the biggest budget increase in the U.S. If it were not for striking oil
Absentee Governor Kasich voted for NAFTA and NAFTA devastated Ohio - a disaster from which it never recovered. Kasich is good for Mexico!
The organized group of people
I just got off the phone with the great people of Guam! Thank you for your support!  today! 
Great news! Thank you Governor Ralph DLG Torres!   It means so much to me- receiving an endorsement from Phyllis Schlafly. A truly great woman &amp; conservative. Thank you St. Louis


Rumor has it that  is going out of business. Losing too much money. Great news! Likewise
Dr. Ben Carson- I concur. 



RT  Prob w/ all pundits saying last fall  had no chance is that shows media so out of touch w/ Americans
RT  Please read my full endorsement of   for President of the United States RT  I endorse . Its time to unite behind the candidate who will beat Hillary Clinton and return government 
RT  Many people fight for change in DC.  is a leader with an outsiders perspective &amp; the vision
RT _ The Scrum Video Emerges to Suggest WaPo Reporter Ben Terris Misidentifies Lewandowski in Fields Incident  Breitbart htt
Thank you!   Let's be clear..  is about Never someone we don't own You either play into it &amp; let them win or vote Trump.
Thank you America! 

Thank you Mark.    _Trump_Train   Trump is your man America. He is the best!! Vote for him! Thank you!
Wow
Another Dishonest Politician 

Keep lightweight Marco and his friends out of the White House. 

Phony Club For Growth tried to shake me down for one million dollars
Thank you Hawaii! 
This was a great evening- I would like to thank everyone for their wonderful support.
RT  LIVE Stream now Donald Trump press conference   Thank you Michigan! 
Thank you Mississippi! 
Thank you!  Thank you America! 

Word is I am doing very well in Michigan and Mississippi! Wow
I hear  /  came out with another one of their phony polls. While I am leading
RT  Aloha Hawaii We would be honored to have your vote! Find your caucus The negative television commercials about me
Hawaii







! 

! 

! 

! 

Mitt Romney had his chance and blew it. Lindsey Graham ran for president
Remember
Sun Sentinel says Rubio lacks the experience
 Wishing our father tremendous luck in Michigan
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you ! Michigan
The Club for Growth is a very dishonest group. They represent conservative values terribly &amp; are bad for America. People forget
Ted Cruz Was For Welcoming Syrian Refugees Before He Was Against It

I employ many people in Hawaii at my great hotel in Honolulu. Ill be there very soon. Vote for me
Cruz came to Mississippi

I will be interviewed by  tonight at 10pm EST on ! Enjoy!
New ad concerning lightweight Senator Marco Rubio 

Thank you Idaho! I love your potatoes- 


Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio features Trump Univ. students in FL. attack ads- who submitted excellent reviews. _sellers Setup is underway  rally in Madison.  It was great being in Michigan. Remember
Don't believe the millions of dollars of phony television ads by lightweight Rubio and the R establishment. Dishonest people!
Leaving for North Carolina. Big crowd
Congratulation to Adam Scott and all of the folks at Trump National Doral on producing a really great WGC Tournament. Amazing finish!
I will be using Facebook and Twitter to expose dishonest lightweight Senator Marco Rubio. A record no-show in Senate
We cannot let the failing REPUBLICAN ESTABLISHMENT
Lindsey Graham is all over T.V.
Failed presidential candidate Lindsey Graham should respect me. I destroyed his run
How do you fight millions of dollars of fraudulent commercials pushing for crooked politicians? I will be using Facebook &amp; Twitter. Watch!
All of the phony T.V. commercials against me are bought and payed for by SPECIAL INTEREST GROUPS
    WASHINGTON VERSUS TRUMP  &amp;TRUMPS SUPPORTERS ... 
    A solid interview and a fair one. Great job Mr. Trump. Keep up the good work. 
. and  did a 1 hour hit job on me today  totally biased and mostly false. Dishonest media!
I am at Trump National Doral-best resort in U.S. Rory and Adam Scott are doing great! Watch on NBC at 300 P.M.  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you to  and  for a very fair and professional interview this morning. No wonder you are  in the ratings!
Fraud lightweight Marco made a TV ad on TrumpU featuring 2 people who signed these letters 
The primary plaintiff in the phony Trump University suit wants to abandon the case. Disgraceful!
Nancy Reagan
David Brooks
Thank you Michigan!  FLORIDA Do not miss this opportunity to ! Thank you  I will be interviewed on  this morning. Enjoy!  
. is devastated that lightweight Senator Marco Rubio got trounced tonight and is the big loser. I won the two big states
Thank you Kentucky! 

Thank you Louisiana! 

RT  If you live in Louisiana
I will be at the Cadillac World Golf Championship  in Miami tomorrow! Rory
Thank you Willie Robertson! 

I would love to be at the Cadillac World Golf Championship  in Miami- but even more so in Orlando with the !
I am watching two clown announcers on  as they try to build up failed presidential candidate . Fox News is in the bag!
Romney's failed advisors
. was a disaster candidate who had no guts and choked! Romney is a total joke
Thank you
   Getting ready to make my speech at . A great honor!  
Thank you Kansas! Thousands of people inside- and thousands outside who couldn't get into the hall. Really amazing! 
To the people of Kentucky


Why would anyone in Kentucky listen to failed presidential candidate Rand Paul re caucus. Made a fool of himself (1%.)

Will be in Orlando
Wow
For all of today's voters please remember that I am the only candidate that is self funding my campaign
Great time last night in Louisiana. Big and energetic crowd. Go out and vote now
I am in Kansas. Will be an exciting day. Big speech this morning in Wichita
Join me in Wichita


Thank you New Orleans


RT  Friends Remember to VOTE tomorrow if you live in Louisiana
Join me in Wichita


Thank you Cadillac

 
 Kansas 

U.S. Senator Bob Corker (R-Tenn.) issued the following statement today regarding the 2016 presidential election Thank you Macomb County
 Mary Kissel is an SNL character
 GET THAT POS WSJ LIAR FANTASY PUNDIT  OFF THE AIR. Blah blah. A real dummy! _Joe 
Thank you America!  

MY POSITION ON VISAS


The Better Business Bureau report
Rubio puts out ad that my pilot was a drug dealer- not true
Senator Sessions will serve as the 


THANK YOU PORTLAND


On my way to see the great people of Maine. Will be landing in Portland in 2 hours. Look forward to it! 
Will miss  tonight at the . I hope all of Ben's followers will join the . We will never forget.
Go to Trump Doral in Miami and watch the World Golf Championship! On NOW!
 People are just mad that you're doing so good so they are gonna do they're best to stop you. Not gonna happen 
  teaching the GOP how to lose four years ago was not enough. Now Romney wants to do it again.
The phony lawsuit against Trump U could have been easily settled by me but I want  to go to court. 98% approval rating by students. Easy win
RT  As predicted
Why did Mitt Romney BEG me for my endorsement four years ago?
I am the only one who can beat Hillary Clinton. I am not a Mitt Romney
Why would the great people of Florida vote for a guy who
I have brought millions of people into the Republican Party
Failed candidate Mitt Romney
 I changed parties to vote for you
Looks like two-time failed candidate Mitt Romney is going to be telling Republicans how to get elected. Not a good messenger!
Millions of dollars being spent on false TV ads by special interest groups who own Rubio &amp; Cruz.When you see them think of your puppet POLS
 The establishment doesn't like you because they can't control you and get you to lie to us and keep ripping us off.
Because of me
 

I would love to see the Republican party and everyone get together- and unify.

Just another desperate move by the man who should have easily beaten Barrack Obama. (2/2)
Failed Presidential Candidate Mitt Romney is having a news conference tomorrow to criticize me. (1/2)
I am going to repeal and replace ObamaCare! Read more about my positions on healthcare reform here . poll just hit 49% for Trump. Interesting how my numbers have gone so far up since lightweight Marco Rubio has turned nasty. Love it!
   is 100% correct . And u and the rest of u  muppets refuse to HEAR HIM. So true!
Why can't the leaders of the Republican Party see that I am bringing in new voters by the millions-we are creating a larger
My wife  will be  w/  tonight at 7pmE on . Enjoy! 

   I took Trump University class and saved my home!
Marco Rubio lost big last night. I even beat him in Virginia
Why would anyone in Florida vote for lightweight Senator Marco Rubio. Check out his credit card scam
The special interests and people who control our politicians (puppets) are spending $25 million on misleading and fraudulent T.V. ads on me.
 FOX calls Virginia for Trump. If it holds
 Marco Rubio just criticized Ted Cruz for underperforming tonight. Wow. 
 Looks like Rubio won't get any delegates from TX or AL because he didn't meet 20% threshold.
 A nearly impossible path to the GOP nomination for Rubio
 For the record
Thank you Vermont! 

Thank you Arkansas! 

Thank you Virginia! 

Thank you Alabama! 

Thank you Tennessee! 

Thank you Massachusetts!  
Thank you Georgia!

Wow! Thank you Louisville


Lets go America! Get out &amp; ! 


MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
RT  Who has voted today??? Feedback from the polls? I'm like a kid on Christmas!   Thank you Columbus
The people of South Carolina are embarrassed by Nikki Haley!
RT _ Gov Nikki Haley just became a liability for Rubio after this was published to social media! RT  . in 2012 w/ Romney on tax returns(political ploy.) Fast forward..2016 w/ Robot Rubio
True
Got the endorsement of Brian France and  yesterday in Georgia. Also
Thank you Georgia! 15
Great news- Former Mayor of Dallas
Thank you Brian France

Phony Rubio commercial. I could have settled
Trump University has a 98% approval rating. I could have settled but won't out of principle!
Thank you Virginia! 15
My wife  will be joining   tonight at 8pmE on . Enjoy! Governor Alejandro Garca Padilla said presidential hopeful Sen. Marco Rubio is no friend of Puerto Rico.   I am self funding my campaign and only work for YOU

Hillary could lose to Trump in Democratic New York


Join me in Columbus


Thank you America! Get out &amp; VOTE tomorrow!   My sons
Thank you !


THANK YOU ALABAMA! 32
Our law enforcement officers deserve our appreciation for the incredible job they do. Video I will be making a big surprise announcement to the massive crowd assembled in Huntsville/Madison Alabama! Landing now! 
Phylis Schlafly 'Marco Rubio Betrayed Us All' Little Marco Rubio treated America's ICE officers like absolute trash in order to pass Obama's amnesty. Little Marco Rubio gave amnesty to criminal aliens guilty of sex offenses. DISGRACE! Little Marco Rubio is just another Washington D.C. politician that is all talk and no action.   Rubio was kicking back on his $80k boat he bought with lobbyist money and claimed it was from book sale profit lol
Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio is polling very poorly in Florida. The people can't stand him for missing so many votes - poor work ethic!
Little Marco Rubio
Mitt Romney didn't show his tax return until SEPTEMBER 21
As I stated at the press conference on Friday regarding David Duke- I disavow. Why would the people of Texas support Ted Cruz when he has accomplished absolutely nothing for them. He is another all talk
  Little Marco Rubio
Making a big speech in Alabama today. So many people we had to move to a football stadium! Come and join us!
I am the only Republican who will get large numbers of Dems and Indies (crossover). I will also get states that no other Republican can get.
While Hillary and I both won South Carolina by big margins
The Republican Establishment has been pushing for lightweight Senator Marco Rubio to say anything to hit Trump.I signed the pledge-careful
While I hear the Koch brothers are in big financial trouble (oil)
  A lot more water after this bombshell
 It is better to live one day as a lion than 100 years as a sheep.   
    anything is better than 
 It is a sad commentary little boy Marco Rubio can't win in his home state. Floridians despise him as a opportunist phony.
  Marco 'Amnesty' Rubio is the front man of Amnesty.     GO TRUMP
 DonaldTrump is a leader. He is a successful person that
We need to fix our broken education system!  


THANK YOU Arkansas! Get out &amp;  on Tuesday. We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN! Incredibly proud of my son  &amp; his efforts on behalf of  in Memphis
It was an honor to be the Grand Marshall- in the Salute to Israel Parade back in 2004. Just watched lightweight Marco Rubio lying to a small crowd about my past record. He is not as smart as Cruz
. was just banned by  - their loss! Tough
I started my business with very little and built it into a great company
I only wish my wonderful father
Fun to watch the Democrats working so hard to win the great State of South Carolina when I just won the Republican version - amazing people!
I am self-funding my campaign and am therefore not controlled by the lobbyists and special interests like lightweight Rubio or Ted Cruz!
Tax experts throughout the media agree that no sane person would give their tax returns during an audit. After the audit
I unfairly get audited by the I.R.S. almost every single year. I have rich friends who never get audited. I wonder why?
_  There's only one real candidate
RT  Friends If you live in AL
I will be on  at 830 A.M. Will be talking about lightweight Marco Rubio and lying Ted Cruz!
 Michigan GOP poll 2/24/2016 Trump 35.5 Rubio 15.0 Cruz 14.3 Kasich 12.8 Carson 8.3  Wow!
Thank you Pastor Robert Jeffress!    A majority of evangelicals believe  is best equipped to save the country. 
  Trump is a genius. Rubio and Cruz are not. I want a brilliant mind to run this country.
  in contrast to Rubio and Cruz you look like a giant. They look terribly weak Thank you!
What I would do on my first day in office. 

Thank you Texas! 10


Never let them see you sweat! Thank you for your support &amp; 


They don't like Rubio in Florida- he left them high &amp; dry. Doesn't even show up for votes!
Lightweight Marco Rubio was working hard last night. The problem is
Wow
Lightweight choker Marco Rubio looks like a little boy on stage. Not presidential material!
Lying Ted Cruz and lightweight choker  Marco Rubio teamed up last night in a last ditch effort to stop our great movement. They failed!
Will be at Fort Worth (Texas) Convention Center at 1130 A.M. Big crowd - get there early! Big announcement to be made!
Why would the people of Florida vote for Marco Rubio when he defrauded them by agreeing to represent them as their Senator and then quit!
Have a good chance to win Texas on Tuesday. Cruz is a nasty guy
I will be making a speech at 1200 in Fort Worth
    yup 200 Polish immigrants were hired by his contractor not Trump
  Cruz talks about Hillary all the time because he knows he can't beat you ! Trump will win Texas !
  trump won the debate. Disgusting Rubio said peed - is he still in junior high school.
  Marco Cruz and Ted Rubio (easy to get the two politicians confused) looked like desperate
  that's because you've never hired anyone to do work before favorite line from tonights debate.
 Tonight you proved to America you are the real deal. You took fire from all sides
    he won almost all polls and Mark Halperin gave him an A-
 Vote Early in the    will     Also
Big day in Texas tomorrow! Having a rally in Fort Worth. Tremendous crowd. Will be exciting!  All the online polls have me winning the debate. I really enjoyed the evening. Not easy
  Thank you!  Polls 

!  Thank you! WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  Failed presidential candidate  was made to look like a fool by Senator Harry Reid &amp; didn't release his tax returns until 9/21/12.
THANK YOU!  


FMR PRES of Mexico
Early on Ted Cruz said that if he didn't win South Carolina
Thank you Illinois!  Join me in Oklahoma tomorrow night!


I'm going to do what  was totally unable to do- WIN!
LETS MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Signing a recent tax return- isn't this ridiculous? Just for your info
Why doesnt  just endorse  already.


Mitt Romney
Great new poll. Thank you Texas!       hates to see Trump's success when he was so pathetic
   Romney is a pawn of the Establishment and has no individual thought process. He is jealous of Trump!
   Romney should have been a tough guy with Obama. He cowered and lost. BADLY! He's not relevant!
  Love it!  is done. We need someone who is proven.  will make America Great Again
  Trump is so impressive and no other politician has his passion &amp; energy to 
  A vote for  or  is a vote for corruption
  Mr Tough Guy Romney should be backing Trump like Trump backed him last time 
Ted Cruz is lying again. Polls are showing that I do beat Hillary Clinton head to head. Check out Texas

 That's why we are angry. The Republican Establishment will not support you. You are who the American people want!
  This Texan will be voting Trump March 1st. Cruz is a fake Texan!
.  Chris
When Ted Cruz quits the race and the field begins to clear
Why would Texans vote for liar Ted Cruz when he was born in Canada
When Mitt Romney asked me for my endorsement last time around
_II Oh great  is doing a  on  like losing the presidency wasn't enough  He's a fool
Mitt Romney
The polls show that I picked up many Jeb Bush supporters. That is how I got to 46%. When others drop out
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! In all of television- the only one who said anything bad about last nights landslide victory was dopey . He should be fired!
I am in Virginia  Presidential forum with Dr. Pat Robertson- beginning now! Watch here I am self funding my campaign &amp; don't owe anybody anything! I only owe it to the American people! 

. Poll and  say that I beat both Hillary and Bernie
Big defeat last night in Nevada for Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio.  on  is working hard to belittle my victory. Rove is sick!
 did great on television this morning. Poised
Melania will be interviewed by  on _Joe now (830 A.M.). ENJOY!
THANK YOU NEVADA!




THANK YOU NEVADA! WE WILL MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN! 

Make sure you get on the Trump line and are not mislead by the Cruz people. They are bad! BE CAREFUL.
RT   locator -&gt; Exclusive interview w/ my wife - tomorrow morning  8amE on _Joe w/  . Enjoy! GO VOTE FROM NOW TO 830 P.M. NEVADA. I WILL BE AT VARIOUS CAUCUS SITES. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
RT  Very proud of what my father has accomplished in the past 7 months -Wishing him amazing luck and success tonight!  
My wife Melania will be on _Joe  tomorrow morning at 800. Interviewed by  - Enjoy!
Thank you Sparks






Club for Growth is the group that came to my office seeking $1 million dollars. I told them no and now they are doing negative ads.
Great. Just reported on  that many people who supported  are now supporting me. I knew that would happen
Wow
Unlike the other Republican candidates
RT  Nevada remember you can Vote and Go - walk in vote and walk out! 
True
Join us in Sparks


    Ed Rollins is the only one of those people that understands process &amp; gets it right
I am growing the Republican Party tremendously - just look at the numbers
 TRUMP IS UNSTOPPABLE....HE IS WHAT COMMON SENSE AMERICANS WANT WHETHER REPUBLICAN
  gets it. Was just on  explaining how Trump wins the general election.  Thank you Ed!
Ted Cruz lifts the Bible high into the air and then lies like a dog-over and over again! The Evangelicals in S.C. figured him out &amp; said no!
Ted Cruz does not have the right temperment to be President. Look at the way he totally panicked in firing his director of comm. BAD!
Wow was Ted Cruz disloyal to his very capable director of communication. He used him as a scape goat-fired like a dog! Ted panicked.
Ted Cruz only talks tough on immigration now because he did so badly in S.C. He is in favor of amnesty and weak on illegal immigration.
THANK YOU LAS VEGAS


Join me live- now in Las Vegas
RT  Nevada Here is a quick video  created on How to Caucus - very quick and simple! Ted Cruz said on  that illegals sent out of country by my administration would come right back as citizens. Another lie-crazy!
A big fat hit job on  tonight. A total waste of time to watch
Great Town Hall tonight at 1000 P.M. (Eastern) conducted by  on 
Thank you Vermont!  

Thank you Michigan! 






Great poll! Thank you North Carolina! 







WOW! Thank you Massachusetts! See you soon. 

Just watched the very incompetent Mitt Romney Campaign Strategist
Thank you Illinois! Great news!  on 3/15!







RT  Thank you Elko County
I will be on  tonight- from Las Vegas
Ted Cruz should be disqualified from his fraudulent win in Iowa. Weak RNC and Republican leadership probably won't let this happen! Sad.
Just saw the phony ad by Cruz - totally false
Ted Cruz has now apologized to Marco Rubio and Ben Carson for fraud and dirty tricks. No wonder he has lost Evangelical support!
Ted Cruz has been playing an ad about me that is so ridiculously false - no basis in fact. Take ad down Ted. Biggest liar in politics!
Wow
It is so important to audit The Federal Reserve
Thank you for your endorsement !   Video Many people are now saying I won South Carolina because of the last debate. I showed anger and the people of our country are very angry!
  Florida starts early voting on March 5 extending to March 15. Absentee ballots have been sent out! 
 No matter what liar sleazeball  says about  in Tennessee. We have early voting and  has won.
I hear the Rickets family
    FLORIDIANS ARE UPSET BECAUSE RUBIO DID NOT DO WHAT HE PROMISED ONCE HE WAS ELECTED! VOTE TRUMP
 You really rocked them hard in S.C. Rubio and Cruz were pummled. So glad Jeb is gone! Next no liar!
The reason that Ted Cruz lost the Evangelicals in S.C. is because he is a world class LIAR
I am in Las Vegas
 Nevada we are on our way!   Caucus locator A number of months ago
THANK YOU Atlanta
RT  Nevada we are on our way!  
True
RT  Just back from a dinner in West Hollywood shocked the majority of the table was voting for Trump but they would never
Thank you South Carolina!  A quote was read from a parody account last night on MSNBC re Jeb.  The failing  Wall Street Journal should fire both its pollster and its Editorial Board. Seldom has a paper been so wrong.Totally biased!
I will be live on all of the major morning talk shows. Enjoy!
Thank you  for your amazing help and support. Big win
 This is the best reaction shot I've ever seen lol  What a great night. Thank you South Carolina
People (pundits) gave me no chance in South Carolina. Now it looks like a possible win. I would be happy with a one vote victory! (HOPE)
 This veteran just voted  in the SC primary
South Carolina voters have the future of our country in their hands. Vote now (today)
Remember that Marco Rubio is very weak on illegal immigration. South Carolina needs strength as illegals and Syrians pour in. Don't allow it
I wonder if President Obama would have attended the funeral of Justice Scalia if it were held in a Mosque? Very sad that he did not go!
   All aboard the Trump Train!
 Trump expressed concerns months after the Iraq War began
I am the only candidate (in many years) who is self-funding his campaign. Lobbyists and $ interests totally control all other candidates!
_micahk    this veteran voted for Trump in TX early voting!     _For_Trump EVERYBODY ON TWITTER GET OUT TO VOTE FOR TRUMP TODAY IN SOUTH CAROLINA
   is the only one who will protect American interests.   WHY DOES TED CRUZ LIE SO MUCH? LET'S FACE IT TED NEVER CREATED EVEN 1 JOB HIS ENTIRE LIFE!    Mr.Trump...BOTH Cruz AND Rubio are ineligible to be POTUS! It's a SLAM DUNK CASE!! Check it!   is really starting to campaign hard for marcorubio.   He is weak on illegal immigration!
  Get out &amp;  if you don't  NOTHING will change it's that simple!      TheTrump phenomenon summed up Leadership
Lying  Cruz just (on election day) came out with a sneak and sleazy Robocall. He holds up the Bible but in fact is a true lowlife pol!
  If you want a job next January _For_Trump today.  will work for the people.
  I'm a Regan Dem and believe in your message! God bless you and your campaign!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Just finished two major speeches in South Carolina. Big crowds
Boycott all Apple products  until such time as Apple gives cellphone info to authorities regarding radical Islamic terrorist couple from Cal
Hopefully others will follow suit. Our country needs &amp; should demand security. It is time to get tough &amp; be smart!
I use both iPhone &amp; Samsung. If Apple doesn't give info to authorities on the terrorists I'll only be using Samsung until they give info.
I have built so many great &amp; complicated projects creating tens of thousands of jobs-video      Remember
Im self-funding and I am going to take care of the people  not the special interests and insurance companies like the other candidates.
I will replace it with private plans
I was referring to a backstop for pre-existing conditions. I will eliminate the law
I was asked about healthcare by Anderson Cooper &amp; have been consistent- I will repeal all of 
A message from !    

Thank you South Carolina! Everyone get out and vote tomorrow! We will !     Tonight on CNN  was GREAT. Loved the intimacy of conversation w the people
Tonight I will be on  with  at 10pm and  w/  at 1010pm. Enjoy!  
We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN!  

RT  Pope Francis
True
Join us Saturday night- for the South Carolina Primary Watch Party!

Join us tomorrow night in Charleston
RT  Pope on Trump A person who thinks only about building walls...is not Christian. This is Vatican City. RT  . - Pope who lives in a Vatican city fortified with huge walls thinks it's wrong to build walls? Really? Response to the Pope

I agree with Marco Rubio that Ted Cruz is a liar!
. is changing their  theme from fair and balanced to unfair and unbalanced. But dying  is worse.Their phony poll is a  joke!
Thank you South Carolina! Together
  Thank you America! 

New CBS National Poll just out - massive lead for Trump. The Wall Street Journal/NBC Poll is a total joke. No wonder WSJ is doing so badly!
I love being in South Carolina. We are leading big in all of the State polls - Saturday is a BIG day. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The just out USA Today National Poll
Amazing that while I lead by big numbers in the new Q and and USA Today polls
Join us tomorrow in Kiawah


THANK YOU AMERICA! 

Thank you Nevada!     Jeb Bush just got contact lenses and got rid of the glasses. He wants to look cool
Just out Nevada poll shows Jeb Bush at 1%
. is so biased it is disgusting. They do not want Trump to win. All negative!
I will beat Hillary easily
.
Interesting how President Obama so haltingly said I would never be president - This from perhaps the worst president in U.S. history!
    Scary how smoothly Cruz looks into the camera and lies about Trump
_sirin BUSTED AGAIN  in Hot Water Over Possibly Illegal Fundraising  Why does  devote so much time on her shows to me
     FOX TRUMP HATERS R SCARED BECAUSE THEY LOSE -  TRUMP IS WINNING Thank you   for your nice words - great knowledge and style! We are doing really well in South Carolina.  
    They're too lame to get it
. thinks that when Republicans drop out of the race
Explain to  and 
Will be interviewed by  tonight by phone- a late show first  . Enjoy! 

Thank you
Thank you to the 2
 is thinking of Captain Andrew Maitner. A true American hero.  Just sat down for a great interview with  in Greenville today. Watch at 5pm. An amazing day in South Carolina! 
Thank you!  New PPP Poll just out - Trump up big
Spent the full day at meetings and a major rally yesterday in South Carolina. Great people and spirit. Today will be more of the same.
New South Carolina poll from PPP. Thank you!  What a night! 10

Thank you for your continued support!

RESPONSE TO THE LIES OF SENATOR CRUZ 
JEB is a hypocrite! Used massive private Eminent Domain - Just another clueless politician! 

Jeb used Eminent Domain &amp; took advantage of a disabled vet in the process. (2/2)

I'd like to call JEB a liar
Now that George Bush is campaigning for Jeb(!)
I will be in South Carolina all week. Saturday is BIG
Jeb Bush and Ted Cruz are not electable presidential candidates
Funny that Jeb(!) didn't want help from his family in his failed campaign and didn't even want to use his last name.Then mommy
Ted Cruz
Wow
Tickets for future debates should be put out to the general public instead of being given to the lobbyists &amp; special interests - the bosses!
Loved the debate last night
Thank you for your support! TOGETHER we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 

I will be on Face the Nation with John Dickerson on CBS this morning. Enjoy!
This shows what a complete &amp; total liar Ted Cruz is- he said he wouldn't have nominated John Roberts. Really?    Jeb is incompetent and will lose
Even though every poll
   you crushed the debate! Thank you!
  Hey - see how I beat your boy Ted- in your own Blaze poll? Your endorsement means nothing! 
! All polls have me winning debate big- Drudge
How can  beat Hillary Clinton- if he can't beat anyone else on the  stage with $150M? I am the only one who can!
Thank you! I miss my father.  Lightweight  said tonight he didn't know his family used private eminent domain in Texas- Lie! 

On the way to the  with my wonderful wife .

Ted Cruz is a cheater! He holds the Bible high and then lies and misrepresents the facts!
Nasty Ted Cruz is at it again- same dirty tricks he used w/ - saying I may not be on ballot &amp; I hold liberal positions. LIES!
Wow! Honored to be chosen by the highly respected + accurate Washington &amp; Lee Mock Convention. I hope you are right - I will make you proud!
The totally unexpected loss of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia is a massive setback for the Conservative movement and our COUNTRY!
Love the people of South Carolina - look very much forward to the debate tonight.
  On 
 I'm fed up w/ DC playing 3 card Monty w/ our tax $'s. It's time we the people play the Trump card
  will rule !    We know better than to trust the RNC RT  Nevada Reminder that today is the LAST day to register to vote in the February 23rd caucus!Thank you

Get on Trump's List email from the RNC was not authorized. I am self funding my campaign! Do not pay. 

  was right! Vote trump! Bring our jobs back.   stop sending me emails asking me to donate and get a free DonaldTrump sticker. I support him and he's self funding!
   Trump will be our next POTUS..every American will benefit positivey from this.
    They are all going crazy! We the people do not care at all! We are with Trump!!
  Let's Get United In America With  A very big thank you to Bill Donohue
Totally unauthorized

The RNC
Now an additional 600-700 jobs in America (2
 Nice column by Bill Donahue
I am the only one who can fix this. Very sad. Will not happen under my watch!  

Just got back from Tampa. It was an amazing evening with an even more amazing crowd - fantastic people! Will be in South Carolina tomorrow.
Word is that little Morty Zuckermans  loses more than $50 million per year-can that be possible?
When little Morty Zuckerman closes his failing  will I at least be given some credit? Will happen soon.
11
I will end illegal immigration and protect our borders! We need to MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN! 

! Millions of $'s of false ads
    Do Americans really want a Canadian-born president? First non native born in history?
  good I want to see the court decide what I was always told natural born means - born on American soil
  you have just been put on notice  We Stand with you...  Thankyou.
Last time lightweight  tried to knock off  he made a total fool of himself. If he doesn't do better this time
If  doesnt clean up his act
Lightweight  is spending a fortune of special interest against me in SC.  advertising- desperate and sad!
After hearing the news that they would not be able to extort $1M from me
Nothing conservative about the Club for Growth coming into my office and demanding a $1M contribution
You must be registered Republican by February 16th to vote TRUMP in the Florida primary. 
The failing 
NEVADA! Tomorrow is the deadline to register Republican.




How can Ted Cruz be an Evangelical Christian when he lies so much and is so dishonest?
Lying Cruz put out a statement
Weak JEB getting thrown out by management during speech. Do you think he will be this tough on Putin &amp; others?  THANK YOU- Baton Rouge
Just landed in Baton Rouge
Cruz caught cold in lie after denial of push polls like lies w/ . How can he preach Christian values?     Ted Cruz is the definition of sleaze. Just ask 
Heading to Baton Rouge

We are getting reports from many voters that the Cruz people are back to doing very sleazy and dishonest pushpolls on me. We are watching!
Jeb failed as Jeb! He gave up and enlisted Mommy and his brother (who got us into the quicksand of Iraq). Spent $120 million.Weak-no chance!
He (or she) who hesitates is lost MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Remember
. showed a focus group on _Joe me using a very bad word. I never said the word
Jeb Bush spent more than $40
There are no buyers for the worthless  but little Mort Zuckerman is frantically looking. It is bleeding red ink - a total loser!
I have been consistent in my opposition to Common Core. Get rid of Common Core- keep education local!
THANK YOU- Clemson
 Which is it  ?Are you planning on getting rid of Common Core or keeping it?  Get rid of it fast.
I was referring to the fact that Jeb Bush wants to keep common core.
Big speech tonight in South Carolina - 700 P.M. Tremendous crowd!
So funny
Such a great experience in New Hampshire - amazing people! Will be leaving for a big event in South Carolina today.
Like the worthless 
Worthless 
Dopey Mort Zuckerman
 My report card grades for the 2 New Hampshire winners DonaldTrump A v strong energy/close. BernieSanders B+ went too long
Thank you to the people of  New Hampshire
Thank you

We will stop heroin and other drugs from coming into New Hampshire from our open southern border. We will build a WALL and have security.
We will immediately repeal and replace ObamaCare - and nobody can do that like me. We will save $'s and have much better healthcare!
ISIS is making big threats today - no respect for U.S.A. or our leader - If I win it will be a very different story
New Hampshire vote today -  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
You can find your polling locations at 

A message to the great people of New Hampshire on this important day!  

Thank you for a great night at the Verizon Wireless Arena- New Hampshire! 

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be interviewed on  at 840. A.M. Enjoy!
The polls are now showing that I am the best to win the GENERAL ELECTION. States that are never in play for Repubs will be won by me. Great!
No-one has done more for people with disabilities than me. I have spent many millions of dollars to help out-and am happy to have done so!
I know the Governors and Jeb Bush
Remember  wants COMMON CORE (education from D.C.) and is very weak on ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION (come as act of love). Not a leader!
Thank you
Thank you


  

Now that Bush has wasted $120 million of special interest money on his failed campaign
Today's third stop- Londonderry

RT  Jeb is a weak guy. 
True
RT  . Trump has had a lot more responsibility to deal with than any of the other GOP candidates
True
America needs strong leadership. Politicians can talk but they dont get things done. Video Everybody is laughing at Jeb Bush-spent $100 million and is at bottom of pack. A pathetic figure!
Jeb Bush is desperate - strongly in favor of  and very weak on illegal immigration.
Thank you for your support at this mornings Town Hall- in Salem
Jeb Bush has zero communication skills so he spent a fortune of special interest money on a Super Bowl ad. He is a weak candidate!
My two wonderful sons
So far the Super Bowl is very boring - not nearly as exciting as politics - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I am in New Hampshire having a great time! Loved the  last night! Everybody enjoy the Super Bowl.  
Thank you- Plymouth
Thank you Newt!  We are going to have a big event at the Verizon Wireless Arena in Manchester
Great to meet everyone while having breakfast  this morning!  

. 

I will be on Meet the Press with Chuck Todd on NBC this morning. Enjoy! I am on  now! Tune in!
I will be on State of the Union  with  at 9am. Enjoy!
  This has been a great debate for Donald Trump.
 Trump just talked on MSNBC like a man who knows he had a very good night.
 Trump won that debate. People can huff &amp; puff all they like but he was the best candidate on the night. 
  Jeb Bush was as ineffectual as ever. As always
 Trump shows courage in defending eminent domain as a necessity for construction of infrastructure
 Trump hits it out of the park in describing effective deal making
 Trump
 Latest UMass Tracking Poll. NH GOP Trump 35 (+1) Rubio 14 (-1) Cruz 13 (-1) Jeb 10 (+2) Kasich 10 (+2)
 Cokie Roberts says Donald Trump had a really good night.
_Left_Me  Donald Trump won that debate hands down
 My debate report card Christie A-
 Cruz really seems out of his element in New Hampshire. It is such a different battlefield then Iowa and the South.
 The police in this country have done an unbelievable job of keeping law and order.   . dominating  searches throughout .   . led in  conversation during the .  Come join us at the Verizon Wireless Center- Manchester
RT  Debate ready!!!    I love New Hampshire - will be an exciting evening!
  IA caucus hasn't picked nominee in 16 years! Cruz dirty tricks stole it. Trump way ahead in primary states.
 If I owned a big company that was failing
_carsonrocks AMERICA...Stop being duped...WAKE UP Cruz &amp; Rubio establishment phonies. DonaldTrump only truthful &amp; not owned candidate
    How come Rubio&amp;Cruz are going to turn America around but did nothing in the Senate for USA?
Join me tomorrow in Plymouth

The New Hampshire drug epidemic must stop. If elected POTUS- I will create borders &amp; the drugs will stop pouring in.      He is for America! Security for America! Jobs for America! There is no other leader!
Wow
    is the only hope to 
   all candidates liars. Trump is the only one that speak the truth people need to hear what Trump is saying.
  Trump Will WIN the Debate like he has WON ALL the others! He is heads above the rest!  Thanks!
  DonaldTrump no raise in 8 years
Border agent We might as well abolish our immigration laws altogether

I said this was happening long ago- I will stop this immediately! 

It never ends!  I told you so. Our country totally lost control of illegal immigration

10
Really dumb . Begged my people for a job. Turned her down twice and she went hostile. Major loser
 Donald Trump loves America! He loves Americans! He loves our Vets!   RT  Watch Donald Trump OWNS A Heckler Who Said Illegal Immigrants Are The Backbone Of America   why vote for Trump? Unlike politicians all talk
Join me at Clemson University on Wednesday

Heading to South Carolina

Such great support in New Hampshire. So many people are working so hard to !
I very much look forward to tomorrows debate in New Hampshireso many things to say
Live Free or Die A motto for the whole country to follow.    

Big storm in New Hampshire. Moved my event to Monday. Will be there next four days.
Join us Monday
   I agree. Great businessman. I like your tone tonight! Keep it up &amp; you'll have this Democrats vote.
Watch  on NOW! 
I will be interviewed by Anderson Cooper at 8pm on  from New Hampshire. Should be very interesting!
Taking a helicopter to New Hampshire
Politicians are trying to chip away at the 2nd Amendment. I wont let them take away our guns! 

This is the Cruz voter violation certificate sent to everyone
. - as per the show
  &amp;  discuss what Ted Cruz did to the great people of Iowa- as they went to vote. Thank you  &amp; . Ted Cruz should be immediately disqualified in Iowa
Sanders says he wants to run against me because he doesn't want to run against me. He would be so easy to beat!
THANK YOU to everyone in Little Rock

RT  CONSTRUCTIVE WINS!  
True
Stop the assault on American values. Stand w/ Trump to !

Thank you New Hampshire!   Dr. Ben Carson blasted Ted Cruz for deceit and dirty tricks and lies.
Cruz just lied again- I am
The State of Iowa should disqualify Ted Cruz from the most recent election on the basis that he cheated- a total fraud!
This was sent out from Ted Cruz- as Iowans arrived at their caucus sites to vote.  I will be interviewed on  at 700 P.M. Enjoy! 
Based on the fraud committed by Senator Ted Cruz during the Iowa Caucus
And finally
The Voter Violation certificate gave poor marks to the unsuspecting voter(grade of F) and told them to clear it up by voting for Cruz. Fraud
Many people voted for Cruz over Carson because of this Cruz fraud. Also
During primetime of the Iowa Caucus
Ted Cruz didn't win Iowa
Great job on  tonight    begged us for a job. We said no and she went hostile. A real dummy! 
On my way to New Hampshire- expecting a big and spirited crowd! 


Anybody who watched all of Ted Cruz's far too long
  All you haters need to realize Trump got the second highest vote in history. And he's never held office!
  Iowa is meaningless...keep pushing forward
RT   a real leader that truly cares about America &amp; our values. He wants to bring prosperity back 2 USA   Amazing job in Iowa! Cruz just barely won.
  if you can do that well in Iowa then I see you acing it in all other significant states. Momentum is growing
RT  Remarkable how cost-effective Post says Trump campaign was per vote and stunning how much Jeb spent per vote.    You MUST win the Presidency in 2016 !!!
._Joe   on  He finished 2nd but he made the turn successfully like a pro
RT  The  prevailed! Smart for  to keep his speech short &amp; sweet. Ditto for  who was brie
I don't believe I have been given any credit by the voters for self-funding my campaign
I will be talking about my wonderful experience in Iowa and the simultaneous unfair treatment by the media-later in New Hampshire. Big crowd
The media has not covered my long-shot great finish in Iowa fairly. Brought in record voters and got second highest vote total in history!
Because I was told I could not do well in Iowa
My experience in Iowa was a great one. I started out with all of the experts saying I couldn't do well there and ended up in 2nd place. Nice
RT  CEDAR RAPIDS 




RT  Sat down w/   here in Iowa.  Talked God
It all begins today - WE WILL FINALLY TAKE OUR COUNTRY BACK AND MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Join us! 


. &amp; his wife  attended the - here w/ Governor . Watch  show you how easy it is to  in Iowa!  Video RT _ Trump winning over Latino Republicans
So nice to get an endorsement from the founder and owner of Pizza Ranch in Iowa! A great guy and great places! 
It is time to take back our country- and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

I will be interviewed on Face The Nation with  this morning. Enjoy!
I am in Iowa. Will be interviewed on This Week With   this morning. ENJOY!
If I would have done the last debate
By not doing the failed
Wow
Ted Cruz is in trouble for not reporting his bank borrowing in his very important Financial Disclosure Form. Very low interest loans
Ted Cruz is totally unelectable
I will be going to church in Iowa this morning with my wife
. is a total phony and con man. When I wouldn't give him free hotel rooms and much more
. asked me to do an event. The people holding the event called me to say he wanted $100
. is a total phony and dishonest guy. Asked me for expensive hotel rooms
The Cruz campaign issued a dishonest and deceptive get out the vote ad calling voters in violation. They are now under investigation. Bad!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 


 


I want to thank evangelical Christians for the warm embrace I've received on the campaign trail. Video I will be in Iowa all day and until Tuesday morning. Finally
Hillary Clinton is a major national security risk. Not presidential material!
THANK YOU to all of the incredible volunteers
    damn fox is really acting like a baby today. I guess Trump got under their skin - pretty biased!
   So Bill if America was SO LONGING to learn more about candidates why the 50 percent audience loss?
Looking forward to a great weekend in Iowa!   

.  The people of Iowa love the fact that I stuck up for my rights
. is the only network that does not even mention my very successful event last night. $6
Amazing that Ted Cruz can't even get a Senator like 
. looks more like a gym rat than a U.S. Senator. How the hell did he ever get elected?  
The great State of Nebraska can do much better than  as your Senator. Saw him on  - totally ineffective. Wants paid for pols.
The new e-mail release is a disaster for Hillary Clinton. At a minimum
Thank you for all of your support Iowa!


They say that if I participated in last nights Fox debate
Thank you

Join me tomorrow in Dubuque

Thank you- Nashua


Every American needs to say 2 simple words to every Vet they meet THANK YOU! John Wayne Walding 

Thank you!


Great Twitter poll- and I wasn't even there. Thank you!  Getting ready to take off for Nashua
Iowa was amazing last night. The event could not have worked out better. We raised $6
Thank you for your interest &amp; support during last nights !  finder Good morning America! Thank you for all of your support in the latest Drudge poll! Thank you for your support!

Thank you
  2/1/2016  630pm



Thank you for the kind words tonight
I will take care of the Veterans who have served this country so bravely.

An unbelievable night in Iowa with our great Veterans! We raised $6
Watching biased Charles 
Donald Trump Hands Bill OReilly Cable TV Viewership Win- -  Finder

I hear that  $$ man
20 Most Anticipated Hotel Openings of 2016 Trump International Hotel
Tennessee GOP Poll







It is my great honor to support our Veterans with you! You can join me now. Thank you! 

  Finder

Being politically correct takes too much time. We have too much to get done!  What America Needs The Case for Trump Great new book by the esteemed Jeffrey Lord  Available now.  I hope  has enough bandwidth tonight because not many will be watching . Watching Trump tonight 
 So  brings in  to add credibility in her fight with ?   
 _Report_    Pathetic attempt to bribe  He can't be bought
The debate tonight will be a total disaster - low ratings with advertisers and advertising rates dropping like a rock. I hate to see this.
  why do they have so many debates this year?? Also
  Mr. Trump
Wow
 new  WSJ poll shows  pulling ahead of  in . _Gobbi  ...Hold up a mirror so the network cameras show how big the crowd is.  GREAT IDEA!
   Sounds like the advertisers want Trump
_HankRearden I respected Cruz ppl until this lie. We're just tired of it from your side. 1949z     debate Cruz one on one. I would just tell him that you were to busy running for the President of USA
      Checked YOUR wallet lately
  takes  hit on advertising revenues by screwing with  ROFL!  _r 9 pm channel 70 CNN I will be watching Trump tonight. Want to have a person in the White House that takes no BS.
    is fighting corruption. Big donors took over Cruz. No to Donors
    And this is the bimbo that's asking presidential questions?   Our ReTrumplican Trump support group of 9500 members say 97% will not watch the debate tonight!
_r  Looking forward to watching Donald Trump rally Thursday night on CNN!!
  Finder

On Greta
FOX debate advertising rates falling like a rock! Tune into my special event for the Veterans at 9pm EST!
Thank you- Lexington


It was the childishly written &amp; taunting PR statement by Fox that made me not do the debate
I will be interviewed on  tonight at 800 P.M. (Eastern). Enjoy!
I am self funding my campaign so I do not owe anything to lobbyists &amp; special interests. RT _REPORT LIMBAUGH By not showing
Even though I beat him in the first six debates
Just got to listen to Rush Limbaugh - the guy is fantastic!
The statement put out yesterday by  was a disgrace to good broadcasting and journalism. Who would ever say something so nasty &amp; dumb
I refuse to call Megyn Kelly a bimbo
CBS's FACE THE NATION - Posts Largest Audience Since 2001

Pathetic attempt by  to try and build up ratings for the . Without me they'd have no ratings! 

Thank you

Trump shows complete domination of Facebook conversation 

Minorities Line Up Behind Donald Trump  

THANK YOU! 

Do you think  knows about  dealings? Actually
Should I do the ? . begged me to do an event while asking organizers for $100
Great honor- Rev. Jerry Falwell Jr. of Liberty University
  

For the great people of Iowa
Why doesn't phony   tell his followers all the times he asked for him and his family to stay at my hotels-didn't like paying
I will end common core. It's a disaster.


  The next president isn't on ur stage.  is the next president.
  CRUZ IS DONE  
 . Idiot Bob Plaats on CNN is DELUDED! Cruz's favorability ratings are 0%
 hits new heights in national poll at 41% Donald Trump retains national lead in new ABC News/WaPo poll with 37% RT _Joe VIDEO  announces 'a very powerful endorsement' will be coming today.  I will be interviewed by  on    at 730 A.M. Enjoy.
  _Trident  it makes me not wanna watch debate because I know they are going to treat Trump unfair
I will be doing   this morning at around 700. Likewise
_Trident A huge disappointment to see  constantly attack DonaldTrump. It has become almost unbearable to watch her show.
   just google glenn beck bio. U can tell no education
     I believe in Trump!!!
     Megan can not contain her bias
     I listen to Glenn Beck and literally nothing he says makes any sense. Same with The View.
     It will never happen. Fox will drop Kelly if it means no Trump. Nobody will watch w/o Trump.
 My pal  was just on Megan Kelly's show! He digs Trump.  Thank you David
    Thank you - Farmington
Just landed in New Hampshire. Will be at the venue shortly. 
 &amp;  leading POLLS w/ one week until  ...MORE on the 2016 elections TONIGHT on  7PM
Phyllis Schlaflys Eagle Forum National Review Will Be Defunct In The Next Year Leaving now for New Hampshire. Big crowd- looking forward to it! 
Cruz lies are almost as bad as Jeb's. These politicians will do anything to stay at the trough!
Cruz going down fast in recent polls- dropping like a rock. Lies never work!
Ted Cruz is a nervous wreck. He is making reckless charges not caring for the truth! His poll 's are way down!
I will be on  with  from 5-7pm est. on .
I will be on Morning's with Maria on the Fox Business Network tomorrow during the 7am and 8am ET hours.
Find out where to  on caucus night in Iowa on 2/1/16!


Obama's deal vs. Trump's deals- RT  RUMSFELD Trump has a touched a nerve in our country...in a way that most politicians have not been able to do. - https/
RT   tromps . Day after storm of the century the big city is up and running unlike others in the northeast. Mu
Join us in Iowa


I will be on The Situation Room with  from 5-7pm est on CNN
I want to win for the people of this great country. The only people I will owe are the voters.  

IPSOS/REUTERS POLL


It's time for Ted Cruz to either settle his problem with the FACT that he was born in Canada and was a citizen of Canada
 Rubio isn't experienced enough to be Commander in Chief. Rubio is a carbon copy of Obama. We need a true leader Vote Trump
  _  LET'S GET TRUMP!! GO TRUMP!! USA!USA!
  will be overtaken by . We are superior and have more supporters.  .
   trump right again _Cruz_you_lose! Nobody supports Canuck Cruz   
  Hillary is so afraid of him. The GOP is afraid of him. The American people embrace him! Let's elect him
 From Canada to Goldman Sachs to the kitchen sink
RT  Trump +15 on Cruz in 2 weeks. Cruz may look back and ask why he ever attacked Trump. DT has killed him ever since.     ... You are like Superman
    Everyone B smart! U know deep down Trump is the ONLY 1 able to best LEAD
_  __org  You said it best!  Fox News Poll


New Fox News Poll


I will make our Military so big
I will be on Face The Nation this morning at various times across the U.S.   Enjoy!
I will be on  this morning at various times across the U.S.   Enjoy!
  i honestly believe you are the only one who can make .
 Dow down almost 2000 pts since start of year
 . Great comment after last rally  on  Triumph with Trump or lose with Cruz. 
   I just love the way Ann Coulter remembers your acts of kindness Donald Trump....GO Trump we love you
 Full Speech Donald Trump Campaign Rally in Pella IA (1-23-16) Love making correct predictions. National Review is over. 


Word is that crying  left the GOP and doesn't have the right to vote in the Republican primary. Dumb as a rock.
Serious doubt in Illinois as to whether or not Cruz can run for President. First of many challenges. Just left a great event in Pella. Going to church tomorrow in Muscatine
I will be on FOX with the great  tonight at 9pm EST! Enjoy! 
. such an honor to get your endorsement. You are a fantastic guy! It will not be forgotten. Don and Eric say hello!
Heading now to Pella
For the great people of Iowa
Just left Sioux Center
A wonderful story on Iowa voters by  of the . 

Failing  lost all credibility. Not only was he fired  FOX
Based on 's conflict of interest and bias she should not be allowed to be a moderator of the next debate.
Heading to Sioux County
Ted Cruz poll numbers are down big. Because he was born in Canada and was
I am in Iowa watching all of these phony T.V. ads by the other candidates. All bull
. has been amazing. We will win and establish strong borders
I will be the greatest job-producing president in American history.   

 Dow down almost 2000 pts since start of year
 One year from today. I am in Iowa. Will be making two speeches today. Good luck to all of the great folks on the East coast. Enjoy the beauty of the storm!
  cancelling my subscription- you people are idiots.  WILL be our next President.  
A wonderful article by a writer who truly gets it. I am for the people and the people are for me.  

Is Cruz honest? He is in bed w/ Wall St. &amp; is funded by Goldman Sachs/Citi
Cruz did not renounce his Canadian citizenship as a US Senator- only when he started to run for . He could be Canadian Prime Minister.
Cruz says I supported TARP
The only reason irrelevant  doesn't like me is I refused to do his failing show - asked many times. Very few listeners - sad!
.
Just watched Jeb's ad where he desperately needed mommy to help him. Jeb - mom can't help you with ISIS
Ted Cruz went down big in just released Reuters poll - what's going on? Is it Goldman Sachs/Citi loans or Canada?
Rush Limbaugh is great
The tax scam Washington Post does among the most inaccurate stories of all. Really dishonest reporting.
Just received the new Fox poll.

Wow! New National Zogby Poll just out.TRUMP 45. CRUZ 13. RUBIO 8. Big numbers.
Leaving Nevada now for Iowa. Things are looking good - great new polls!
New National GOP Zogby Poll


National Black Republican Association Endorses Donald J. Trump   

New Reuters poll! Thank you!

The dying  National Review has totally given up the fight against Barrack Obama. They have been losing for years. I will beat Hillary!
Wow! This might be my highest  yet! Thank you to my opposition- you are totally ineffective &amp; have been for years!   Poor Jeb. I could've sworn I saw him outside Trump Tower the other day! _Milicaj Truth be told
After spending $89 million
The failing  National Review Magazine has just been informed by the Republican National Committee that they cannot participate in debate
 Poll Trump has more support in Florida than Rubio and Bush combined.   clarified how  is used to interpret meaning of    
Highly respected Constitutional law professor Mary Brigid McManamon has just stated
  calls Cruz constitutional hypocrite on   eligibility to be President not settled law
_    No sleep for the !
  Isn't it time we had a president? Let goofy Glen keep Canada Cruz who can't win. The American people have Trump!
Ted Cruz complains about my views on eminent domain
RT  Make America Great Again!  The late
Very few people read the National Review because it only knows how to criticize
National Review is a failing publication that has lost it's way. It's circulation is way down w its influence being at an all time low. Sad!
Thank you

Why does  have a fired Bushy like dummy
  Thank you

Thank you!  Thank you
Happy birthday to my friend
New Day on CNN treats me very badly.  is a disaster. Not going to watch anymore.
Low energy candidate  has wasted $80 million on his failed presidential campaign. Millions spent on me. He should go home and relax!
Sad sack  has just done another ad on me
So sad that  and many others refused to show the massive crowd at the arena yesterday in Oklahoma. Dishonest reporting!
    Remember when Glenn gave out gifts to ILLEGAL ALIENS at crossing the border? Me too!
     


_ Wacko  is a sad answer to the  endorsement that Cruz so desperately wanted. Glenn is a failing
 Trump destroyed Hillary &amp; Sanders moved in. But he didn't destroy her
New CNN/WMUR New Hampshire poll just released. Thank you!   Bob Dole Warns of Cataclysmic Losses With Ted Cruz
Thank you

Thank you
15K in OK! Had to turn away 5k
RT  Trading in the beautiful snow of Iowa for the red dirt of Oklahoma as planned
Great rally in Iowa! Such wonderful people. Traveling now with  to Tulsa- massive crowd expected!  


 Breaking News Sarah Palin has endorsed Donald Trump in the GOP primary - appeal to Tea Party loyalists _fournier President Donald Trump (just getting used to it) Wow
I am greatly honored to receive Sarah Palin's endorsement tonight. 

Judge Jeanine Slams GOP Establishment

   - VIDEO Palins brand among evangelicals is as gold as the faucets in Trump tower
RT  I look forward to being on  with  at 740pmET. 
Wow
A true honor to receive the endorsement of John Wayne's daughter....read In the just released SC poll I increased my lead by 4 points since last poll by same firm. Up by 14! Cruz dropped 3. Thank you for your strong testimony when welcoming me to Liberty University
Thank you Georgia! I appreciate all of your support.  .- Just read your complete statement. You are an amazing guy &amp; I really appreciate your words &amp; support. I will see you soon!
On my way to Iowa- just received new national poll numbers. Thank you!

Really disgusting that the failing New York Times allows dishonest writers to totally fabricate stories.
Dope Frank Bruni said I called many people
. Conflicting Stances on Birthright Citizenship [14th Amendment] Gives  credit. Wow
. great job on . Thank you for the very smart and kind words!
. Exclusive  Says He Will Protect Evangelicals Better Than  I don't think Ted Cruz can even run for President until he can assure Republican voters that being born in Canada is not a problem. Doubt!
Ted Cruz is falling in the polls. He is nervous. People are worried about his place of birth and his failure to report his loans from banks!
I loved being at Liberty University today! Record setting crowd
We launched a new series of  videos via Facebook. A new topic everyday! Watch A great morning with everyone ! Thank you! Off to New Hampshire now.  

Leaving for Liberty University. I'll be speaking today in front of a record crowd. 
Just a reminder that Ted Cruz supported liberal Justice John Roberts who gave us . Thank you  for the kind words. I am very proud of the role model you are for so many. NH &amp; IA radio ad   great on    too  Thank you Ben for your nice comments on debate!
I am self-funding my campaign - putting up my own money
Far more killed than anticipated in radical Islamic terror attack yesterday. Get tough and smart U.S.
Big announcement in Ames
Iran is going to buy 114 jetliners with a small part of the $150 billion we are giving them...but they won't buy from U.S.
In Iran deal we get 4 prisoners. They get $150 billion
Interesting read from Peggy Noonan. Is this the New York that Ted Cruz is talking about &amp; demeaning? Wow! Ted Cruz received $487K in campaign contributions
Departing NH now- great morning with record crowd in Portsmouth- in a snow storm! Thank you! Greatly dishonest of  to file a financial disclosure form &amp; not list his lending banks- then pretend he is going to clean up Wall St
When will  give all the New York based campaign contributions back to the special interests that control him.
Everybody that loves the people of New York
If Ted Cruz is so opposed to gay marriage
Ted is the ultimate hypocrite. Says one thing for money

Great new numbers. Thank you! 


Ted Cruz purposely
Based on the fact that Ted Cruz was born in Canada and is therefore a natural born Canadian
Oh no
The Ted Cruz wiseguy apology to the people of New York is a disgrace. Remember
Was there another loan that Ted Cruz FORGOT to file. Goldman Sachs owns him
Ted Cruz said he didn't know that he was a Canadian Citizen. He also FORGOT to file his Goldman Sachs Million $ loan papers.Not believable
Ted Cruz was born in Canada and was a Canadian citizen until 15 months ago. Lawsuits have just been filed with more to follow. I told you so
More radical Islam attacks today - it never ends! Strengthen the borders
. is a total clown. Has zero credibility!    
. please explain to the very dumb and failing  that I supported John McCain big league in 2008
Just got back from Iowa - had a great time with amazing people. Will be back soon!
.  Thank you Geraldo for your nice words on  tonight. You are a true champion! Thank  - great guy!
  got ass kicked by  last night-He offended every New Yorker &amp; has no answer to Natural Born issue
Jusr watched   on  - he was great!
RT      obvious to all that he raised some GREAT
Top searched candidate by state
Sen. Lindsey Graham embarrassed himself with his failed run for President and now further embarrasses himself with endorsement of Bush.
Jeb Bush
WSJ/NBC Poll Donald Trump Widens His Lead in Republican Presidential Race.  _BScarb Enjoyed watching  at his rally yesterday!  I've never seen the Bay Center that packed!   _ no one wants a Bush or a Clinton
_ Massive crowd in Pensacola
 Thousands packed into the Pensacola Bay Center to see Donald Trump tonight... Do you think Iran would have acted so tough if they were Russian sailors? Our country was humiliated.
 Standing with  as he defends our sailors and military and Americans in the USA    There isn't anything Donald Trump says that I don't agree with. Go Trump!
. Trump's appeal to evangelicals is real  United States looks more and more like a paper tiger. Won't be that way if I win!
Stuart Stevens is a dumb guy who fails  virtually everything he touches. Romney campaign
Iran humiliated the United States with the capture of our 10 sailors. Horrible pictures &amp; images. We are weak. I will NOT forget!
Why does  &amp;  waste airtime by putting failed campaign strategist
.- unbelievable job on  with . That was better than I could do! 
THANK YOU!  

THANK YOU
RT _REPORT REUTERS ROLLING  TRUMP 39%
Thank you! 

My nomination would increase voter turnout.  


Sadly
  _Lady_Colors     THIS ELECTION IS ABOUT AMERICAS FUTURE
Thank you for your support last night
Iran toys with U.S. days before we pay them
Numerous polls have me beating Hillary Clinton. In a race with her
The State Of The Union speech was one of the most boring
Just found out that  is spending a fortune on Iowa push polls negative to me. Not nice
The  speech is really boring
The Iran deal is terrible. Why didn't we get the uranium stockpile - it was sent to Russia. 
New CBS poll. 

Another new Iowa poll just released. Thank you!   Such a serious problem for Ted &amp; the GOP. Great doubt
On my way to Cedar Falls
THANK YOU!  The Tonight Show begins in 5 minutes. Enjoy!
. horrible advise to Mitt Romney made victory an impossibility. Don't blame Mitt! Now Stevens can't get a job!
_ . failed strategist who can't find clients criticizes winning . Stop complaining &amp; try winning
Fantastic job on   tonight.  is a winner! 
Don't forget to watch The Tonight Show with the wonderful  at 1130 P.M. You will not be disappointed!  
Face The Nation's interview of me was the highest rated show that they have had in 15 years. Congratulations and WOW!   
. Major Garrett of  covers me very inaccurately. Total agenda
Thank you Michael Harrison  for your kind words - greatly appreciated!
Will be on  with  on  at 1135pmE. Enjoy!  . recently said that she cant be wooed by Trump. She is so average in every way
New Iowa poll. Thank you!

. is retiring their elephants the circus will never be the same.
Congratulations to  of Face the Nation on his highest ratings in 15 years. 4.6 million people watched my interview! Thank you!
Just arrived in New Hampshire. Thank you to all of my supporters!

So professional of  news to throw out the failing  newspaper from their debate. Paper won't survive
Great job on Fox this morning . I am sending out for your book immediately. Thank you very much!
Congratulations to my friend  on winning a . A wonderful guy- who has created something special- well deserved!
Why does  w/  allow a hater &amp; racist like  to waste good airtime?  can do much better than him!
Thank you to our law enforcement officers!   Union Leader refuses to comment as to why they were kicked out of the ABC News debate like a dog. For starters
UL has lost all credibility under Joe McQuaid w circulation dropping to record lows. They aren't worthy of representing the great people NH.
This is really unfair and a conflict for all the other candidates. I said it should not be allowed and ABC agreed.
If their highly unethical behavior
I am pleased to announce that I had the Union Leader removed from the upcoming debate. Remember
Heading now for Reno
In the just out  Poll
Yesterday in Iowa was amazing - two speeches in front of two great sold out crowds. They love that I am the only candidate self-funding!
 Trump pummels his opponents - and the press | SunHerald  I want to thank the people of Iowa for an unbelievable day. The crowds were amazing. Will be back Tuesday!
Will be on Meet the Press with  tomorrow morning. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed by Chris Wallace on Fox tomorrow morning. Tune in!
I'm protesting the  from having anything to do w/ ABC debate. Their unethical record doesn't give them the right to be involved!
(2/2) David brilliantly tells it like it is  the real deal! Read it! 

(1/2) Time Magazine has me on the cover this week. David Von Drehle has written one of the best stories I have ever had.
Thank you so much. Earnest must have been a great person. .
Thank you
Constitutional law expert   Tribe of Harvard says wrong to say it (natural born citizen) is a settled matter-it isn't settled).
South Carolina rally last night was so unbelievably exciting (and fun). I am now off to Iowa for two big rallies - packed houses. Love it!
Pat Buchanan gave a fantastic interview this morning on  - way to go Pat
Great even in SC tonight! Fire Marshall would not let everyone in 5
Will be at venue
 Poll - THANK YOU!

  Love seeing union &amp; non-union members alike are defecting to Trump. I will create jobs like no one else. Their  leaders cant compete!
I hope all workers demand that their  reps endorse Donald J. Trump. Nobody knows jobs like I do! Dont let them sell you out!
On my way to South Carolina. Big Crowd- look forward to it!
Not good news for Jeb Bush  Hank Greenberg
  You did great and showed courage going to Burlington. No other GOP candidate would do what you did tonight!
_sprnva   I agree with you on this.  won't be good. He will be great!
  Key State Florida Poll Trump 32% Beats - Combined  DonaldTrump
Great time in Burlington
We could only get a small fraction of this 25k crowd in. The movement to Make America Great Again is unbelievable! I'm leaving now for Burlington
Joy Behar
The  
RT  Explosive Trump attack on HRC
Hillary and her friends! Weak &amp; ineffective  is doing ads where he shows his statement in the debate but not my response.  advertising!
I have an idea for  whose campaign is a disaster. Try using your last name and don't be ashamed of it!
. Tedfree legal advice on how to pre-empt the Dems on citizen issue. Go to court now &amp; seek Declaratory Judgmentyou will win!
Massive crowd in VT tonight. Venue not big enough. Officials say NO to outside event and sound system. Arrive early!
Man shot inside Paris police station. Just announced that terror threat is at highest level. Germany is a total mess-big crime. GET SMART!
I will be in beautiful Burlington
It was a very wise move that Ted Cruz renounced his Canadian citizenship 18 months ago. Senator John McCain is certainly no friend of Ted!
. was one of the worst performing stocks on the S&amp;P last year
The failing  newspaper in N.H. just sent The Trump Organization a letter asking that we take ads. How stupid
Do you believe that  in NH was demanding ads? Look at enclosed letter from them
I will be on  for a  interview today. Please join us 5PM ET.
Huge crowd expected tomorrow night! VT Police say first come
Dont like  golf swing.  Not athletic. Ive won many club championships. Play him for charity!
I dont cheat at golf but  cheatswith his game he has no choiceand stop doing commercials!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my son

Germany is going through massive attacks to its people  by the migrants allowed to enter the country. New Years Eve was a disaster. THINK!
_berta  Trump single handedly did what no other politician ever dared to do
   Have to get people of all ages out to vote for Donald Trump!
    I am so glad u are for Trump your program is my favorite. The Don is by far the best
  Women make up the fastest growing market in gun sales. And Hillary wants to take those rights away from women!
  mr trump you were excellent on  tonight  Thank you!
  ISIS Reportedly Murders Spies Calls  'Slave of the ' Video  .  Somewhere in that crowd am I. The Gymnasium was electric
  _brendan  If Trump doesn't win
  gave an AWESOME speech in Claremont tonight!!
_brendan  if  doesn't win
I am in New Hampshire. Just received great news from Reuters poll. Thank you for your support!    I love it when TRUMP calls out MSM for what they really are!  Cams starting to show crowds at rallies!
  What's wrong with showing Morocco? Nothing! It illustrates a Point! Duh! Love the video!
I dont know 
Wow  circulation in NH has dropped from 75
  My Facebook Groups are all voting TRUMP /4000 people! !! Great!
  watched lowell mass speech. Awesome. Great crowd. Make America Great Again!!!!!!
_lol Iowa key endorsement for  Can't wait for the Iowa caucus in 4 weeks!        Minimizing dependency on China is crucial.Only Trump talks about that
   Donald get big business back and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN FOR 2016
  The crowd was HUGE    Mr. TRUMP this was your best
 Wow! Let's hear it for the Factor. Let the truth be known. More are beginning to realize  is the real deal!
  Donald Trump hit one out of the ballpark in Lowell
 Now 2-more IT Firms going over seas? There is a huge difference between a global economy and GREED! 
The rally in Lowell
Woody Johnson
I look forward to being in Lowell
 Trump only wins with our votes. we must grow Trump nation and do our part. vote. This is our time.
 This  is voting for  . Thank you for supporting IOWA! By the way

The worst thing Hillary could do is have her husband campaign for her. Just watch.
Iran
   bashing distinguished women journalists won't win you votes  She is 3rd rate
   I love  &amp;  REAL MEN w/ an opinion Exciting interesting controversial
. of the  was terrible today on Face The Nation.No focus
. said today on  that attacking Bill to get to Hillary has never worked before. Wrong - attacked him in '08 &amp; won!
Does anybody remember when Bill Clinton
Thank you for your support in Biloxi
Hillary said that guns don't keep you safe. If she really believes that she should demand that her heavily armed bodyguards quickly disarm!
Al-Shabbab
Hillary Clinton lied last week when she said ISIS made a D.T. video. The video that ISIS made was about her husband being a degenerate.
Just returned from Mississippi - a great evening.
 Well done ....great display of Southern pride and hospitality at  event. Fired up and ready to go!!
      is much better than any rock concert! He knows how to fill a stadium.
Thank you 
_Hope  How can you deny this fact.HillaryClinton and BarackObama are the two people who made  a big problem
RT  So proud to be out on the campaign trail with  - thanks for an amazing night   Just arrived in Mississippi for the rally. Word is that the crowd is overflowing and massive. Will be an amazing evening!
Heading to Biloxi
Remember
When I look at all of the money the special interests and lobbyists are giving to candidates
I hope Bill Clinton starts talking about women's issues so that voters can see what a hypocrite he is and how Hillary abused those women!
Hillary Clinton doesn't have the strength or stamina to be president. Jeb Bush is a low energy individual
Hillary Clinton said that it is O.K. to ban Muslims from Israel by building a WALL
. is a low energy stiff who should focus his special interest money on the many people ahead of him in the polls. Has no chance!
. is a sad case. A total embarrassment to both himself and his family
Massive crowds expected in Mississippi tomorrow night. Look forward to it! 2015 IN PHOTOS  &amp; together we will ! THANK YOU for your support! Thank you so much to The person that Hillary Clinton least wants to run against is
 I have never been interested in politics but because of you I want to get my political science degree.   Great!
I will be going to Mississippi tomorrow night - hear the crowds are going to be massive! Look forward to it.
  Huckabee is a good man...but he needs to get behind   I agree!
 I'm one of your biggest fans Mr Trump and I can't wait for you to Make America Great ifAgain! Never forget you have support!
 We are Standing with you! Spreading the Word...Trump for President 2016!! I wake &amp; sleep praying for you &amp; the USA!+Israel2
  we love u to Trump Family. God bless you.
Well
   they're spending millions but you're still going to win - go Donald Trump
 Hillary said she was in a Fog of War as explanation for the lies about Benghazi. No fog allowed in WH. Vote Trump POTUS!
Happy New Year from ! Thank you to my great family for all of their support. ! HAPPY NEW YEAR &amp; THANK YOU! I will be on  live
I would like to wish everyone A HAPPY AND HEALTHY NEW YEAR. WE MUST ALL WORK TOGETHER TO
Do you believe that The State Department
THANK YOU ILLINOIS! Let's not forget to get family &amp; friends- out to VOTE IN 2016! HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my son
I would feel sorry for  and how badly he is doing with his campaign other than for the fact he took millions of $'s of hit ads on me
   Nevada Poll Donald Trump 33%
 Just heard a 25 year old man say I would rather work for Donald Trump than Bernie Sandersit's time for me to leave this party.
 'On Point' with Gov. Sarah Palin &amp; Donald Trump  Donald Trump is running the most cost-effective presidential campaign in modern history  I have a message for Donald Trump No
 .'s reaction that  is dropping out of the 2016 race. Your thoughts?  The Most Influential U.S. Gymnasts Of All Time People ask
    I get pissed off every time I see his ads on Fox. Waste of money! Go Trump!  Many do!
     Jeb is such a lightweight
  Veterans Love Trump But I love the VETS even more!
    Patriots for trump! . has spent  $63
  ALL OF AMERICA LOVES TRUMP!   Thank you.
A GREAT day in South Carolina. Record crowd and fantastic enthusiasm. This is now a movement to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I predict that dying  newspaper
A lovely letter from the daughter of the late great John Wayne. Our country could use a John Wayne right now. Great poll- thank you Nevada!

I'm going to be live with  and  to ring in the New Year 2016. Everybody should tune in to  tomorrow night!
Thank you Hilton Head
Thank you Hilton Head
I never thought I'd be saying this but I've really enjoyed   on television lately
Joe McQuaid () is desperately trying to sell the . It's a loser
The dying  newspaper in NH is in turmoil over my comments about them- like a bully that got knocked out!
    Good morning
     WOW! FANTASTIC!. WHO KNEW AMERICANS WERE SO SMART? GREAT TO KNOW WE'RE so smart
 DonaldTrump - How do u do it Donald. No one could keep up with u at your pace. Shows how hard u will work for us as President
  Keep the momentum going Mr. Trump. All the best to you for the New Year. Make America Great Again ! Thanks
  what do you think of Jeb cancelling his Iowa rally last night ? Iowa was fantastic last night
.   You were great on  last night. Thanks for the nice words. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
THANK YOU Council Bluffs

Joe McQuaid () of the dying Union Leader wanted ads
The great people of New Hampshire
Shows how dumb Joe McQuaid () of the dying Union Leader is to put out the letter I wrote saying why I didn't do his failed debate!
I hope  does better for Rubio than he did at the  hearings
We need a real President! Looking forward to being in Council Bluffs
So
My campaign for president is $35
Minorities line up behind.....Donald Trump   . is terrific at hosting on  - he really gets it!
Remember that Bill Clinton was brought in to help Hillary against Obama in 2008. He was terrible
    Trump listening to voters
      No casualties. Just victory
  Why do u keep trying to attack Trump? Really dumb strategy! U lose
 FLASHBACK1986  Saved a Georgia Farm Thank you- Nashua

Thank you!  

Thank you to a  supporter for this video of my campaign- over the past 6 months. Video Strange
Wages in are country are too low
Many of the great jobs that the people of our country want are long gone
The middle-class has worked so hard
If Hillary thinks she can unleash her husband
  We need a real President to get things done
Hopefully the Republican National Committee can straighten out the total mess that is taking place in Virginia's Republican Party. FAST!
Straighten out The Republican Party of Virginia before it is too late. Stupid!  RNC
.-who blew his campaign when he gave Hillary a pass on her e-mail crime
The voters the Republican Party of Virginia are excluding will doom any chance of victory. The Dems LOVE IT! Be smart and win for a change!
R.P.Virginia has lost statewide 7 times in a row. Will now not allow desperately needed new voters. Suicidal mistake. RNC MUST ACT NOW!
It begins
 He supports amnesty and now they are so desperate that Trey Gowdy is going to campaign with him.
 My prediction on the Trey Gowdy endorsement of Rubio is that it will do nothing for Rubio and finish Gowdy.
 Face it
_Max andreajmarkley Rubio finally gets an endorsement  from  loser Gowdy   I will do far more for women than Hillary
Thank you! 

Hillary Clinton has announced that she is letting her husband out to campaign but HE'S DEMONSTRATED A PENCHANT FOR SEXISM
 If the insurance companies are making lots of money and the  of uninsured is still large
A new terror warning was issued for European cties. At what point do we say we have had enough and get really tough and smart. Weak leaders!
  

Criminal deportations in the U.S. are the lowest number in many years. We are letting criminals knowingly stay in our country. MUST CHANGE!
The Phoenix V.A.
The same people that said I wouldn't run
. is so dishonest in his reporting...and to think he was going off the air until I came along-no ratings. I will beat Hillary!
 just announced that TRUMP was  story of 2015. Totally meaningless
 Thank u Mr. Trump
  You know what's making my Christmas Great
   Thank you for your tweet today on Christmas. Can't wait to see you as President
   I'm reading ! Best book ever. Thank you!
When will the Democrats
Our great VETERANS are being treated very badly because of corruption and incompetence at the V.A. That will stop
Remember when failed candidate  said that illegals came across the border as AN ACT OF LOVE? He's spent $59 million and is at 3%.
We have many problems in our house (country!)
Does everyone see that the Democrats and President Obama are now
. was GREAT today on   She gets what is going on in politics
Merry Christmas to all. Have a great day and have a really amazing year. Together
.  Great job on  today. Very wise indeed!
. Why didn't you report Hillary lying about the ISIS video. Bad reporting. Perhaps  will do better next year-but doubt it!
   should have talked to Megyn Kelly about this story  True
I am now in Palm Beach
. and  very dishonest in not showing the new  Poll where I am at 39%
Why isn't  using the much newer  Poll when discussing how well I am doing instead of the older Q Poll? CNN even better!
Wow
Next year will be an interesting one. I look forward to running against Hillary Clinton
Third rate reporters Amy Chozick and Maggie Haberman of the failing  are totally in the Hillary circle of bias. Think about Bill!
Wow
In the ridiculous  ad about me
Poor  spent $50 million on his campaign
  Jim you fail to mention in your CNN POLL that in the GOP RACE...Trump is leading Cruz 39 to 18...Big Detail
A great Christmas movie &amp; perfect !  

  why is Hillary even allowed to run... She's a criminal.
  why is Hillary even allowed to run... She's a criminal.  Good question!
Hillary said I really deplore the tone and inflammatory rhetoric of his campaign. I deplore the death and destruction she caused-stupidity
Merry Christmas &amp; Happy Holidays!


Hillary
It is hard to believe I am winning by so much when I am treated so badly by the media.  New  Poll amazing in ALL categories. 21 pt. Lead
Why does  give  so much airtime. He (and other Fox pundits) is so biased. Still thinks Romney won. Unfair coverage of Trump
. treats me so badly. Using old Quinnipiac Poll where I have a much smaller lead than the just out  Poll. All negative!
The 
The silent majority- is silent no more! Remember the importance of VOTING!

The Hillary Clinton staged event yesterday was pathetic. Be careful Hillary as you play the war on women or women being degraded card.
  Thank you America! Together- we will ! Big news just out - NEW  POLL  TRUMP  39 and leads in every major category. Likeability way up. CRUZ 18  CARSON 10  RUBIO 10
We need a PRESIDENT with strength
It is a shame that the biased media is able to so incorrectly define a word for the public when they know that the definition is wrong. Sad!
When I said that Hillary Clinton got schlonged by Obama
  Wow
For those on TV defending my use of the word schlonged
NPR's  said schlonged to WaPo re 1984 Mondale/Ferraro campaign That ticket went on to get schlonged at the polls. 
Once again
Jeb's big ad buy against me
Watching  and consider  to be one of the least talented people on television. Boring and biased!
Women defy media narrative

   The Donald should've been named Man of the Year. He dominates the polls
 Well I'm at 42% and your at 3% .You know Jeb you started over here you keep on moving further and further off stage.  Classic
.'s opening and closing in the debate were said by all to be terriblefumbled around
Why doesn't 
Will 
. just took millions of $'s in special interest money to look like a tough guy. Will never work!
Weak and low energy 
_MSFL_   A GREAT PATRIOT
 This suggests that online polls are more reliable so Trump is crushing both parties. 
  100% Donald Trump Supporter Go Trump Make AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
 THANK YOU SIR FOR CARING FOR THE PEOPLE OF AMERICA. I WAS IN NEWMARKET NH. OFFICE.   Got my autographed book yesterday can't wait to read it. You got them scared to death! Love it.. Great!
 Trump is the only leader with plan expertise passion to bring back jobs/companies to USA  Video from Michigan last night. After asking for months
THANK YOU America! 

Thank you - Michigan!

Thank you - New Hampshire!


THANK YOU Grand Rapids

Getting ready to leave for Michigan - will be an amazing evening! See you there.
Do you think that Hillary Clinton will apologize to me for the lie she told about the video of me being used by ISIS. There is no video.
Thanks  for all of your kind words and thoughts. Big progress is being made. Keep up the great work!
A suicide bomber has just killed U.S. troops in Afghanistan. When will our leaders get tough and smart. We are being led to slaughter!
_REPORT UPDATE ISIS jihadists stole 'tens of thousands' of blank passports... It's the Democrats' total weakness &amp; incompetence that gave rise to ISIS   not a tape of Donald Trump that was an admitted Hillary lie!
Phyllis Schlafly Trump is 'last hope for America' Getting ready to go to the great State of Michigan. Big crowd tonight. Make America Great Again!
Just out TRUMP GOP DEBATE - 18
Hillary said with respect to ISIS
I demand an apology from Hillary Clinton for the disgusting story she made up about me for purposes of the debate. There never was a video.
Hillary said at debate ISIS is going to people showing videos in order to recruit more radical jihadistst. She made up story-want apology!
Very sad what happened last night at the Miss Universe Pageant. I sold it 6 months ago for a record price. This would never have happened!
  Tell this knitwit 
  DonaldTrump must be overjoyed that as soon as he sells the pageant it goes off the rails. We need you Mr Trump
. today said he didn't want to be the front-runner
Great poll out of Illinois! Thank you!

 Where's  when you need em? 
. final 3 on now. Great people
My friend
It was really strange when Hillary was missing from the podium last night. Not very presidential!
Hillary Clinton spokesperson admitted that their was no ISIS video of me. Therefore
. was terrible on Face The Nation today. Being at 2% and falling seems to have totally affected his confidence. A basket case!
We need a  with great strength &amp; stamina. Hillary does not have that.

  reminds me now of  but no one cares Jeb! You lost your chance.  
Hillary Clinton lied when she said that ISIS is using video of Donald Trump as a recruiting tool. This was fact checked by  FALSE
  Q Who are you voting for in 2016. A ! Donald Trump! Donald Trump!.   Trump tops Dem candidates on Google before Dem debate    Hillary is so worried because she knows you will take her out! 
  is the best Republican presidential candidate of all time.  Thank you.
 You are a blessing to America
  all I heard from the debate is a pathway to citizenship for all and taking our guns away. !!
      Right
. stupidly believes that Hillary wants to run against me because she said so. She says that so people believe it - opposite!
  Thank you America!  post-debate poll with +/- from previous poll.   Thank you Cedar Rapids

President Obama spends so much time speaking of the so-called Carbon footprint
See
   We now LIVE in a  but  WILL make the USA STRONGER than EVER b4  NEW POLL Trump's massive lead grows in post-debate poll Another new post-debate poll. 

Thank you for all of your support! Most importantly - we need to get everyone out to VOTE!  The last thing our country needs is another BUSH! Dumb as a rock!
. has embarrassed himself &amp; his family with his incompetent campaign for President. He should remain true to himself.
 

Weak &amp; ineffective  is doing ads where he shows his statement in the debate but not my response.  advertising!
I have an idea for  whose campaign is a disaster. Try using your last name &amp; dont be ashamed of it!
.  Dont misrepresent in order to make a point. I was always tough on ISISas youll find out after I get elected.
As I have been saying. Only the beginning ISIS Suspects Arrested in Turkey
New Reuters poll - thank you!

 is making $400M/year on oil. I have been saying it for years. We need to bomb the oil! There is no question who will handle the threat of terrorism best as .   I will be in Cedar Rapids
  Thank you!  Will be on  in 20 minutes on .   
. got fired like a dog by . The Blaze is failing and he wanted to have me on his show. I said no - because he is irrelevant.
I will be doing  tonight at 800pmE from Mesa
Will be on  tonight at 1135pmE on .   
Clear winner of the . Thank you for your support! 

Hillary Clinton is weak and ineffective - no strength
   OMG awesome! What time zone!?
   yes sir
   Your the man!!
   You were amazing !
   The only person in politics who shouldnt have term limits is President Trump!  Cute!
Jeb Bush had a tough night at the debate. Now he'll probably take some of his special interest money
Thank you for the nice words . The debate was interesting
Will be interviewed on the  tonight at 800 P.M. Will be talking about the debate
Bill O'Reilly calls Trump and  campaign brilliant. In first place by 27 points.
. works so hard but just doesn't have a natural instinct for politics. Others do
Thank you  for your nice words this morning on . It was a good night!
Thank you
 The fix is in Donald did his best performance and  _Joe has Jeb scoring higher? Jeb looked in pain  Joke
Thank you
We're not talking about religion; we're talking about security. 

 

Departing for . Let's !  Many thanks Donald
 . If  Donald becomes president
    Pataki needs a brain surgeon!
    Lindsey still doesn't hear Americans! Still at Zero! It's like Monty Python.
   just called you this PRESIDENT !!!    DonaldTrump Good were glad he doesn't represent what you stand for Lindsey. You are weak and have no clue
    Sour grapes graham. Dont blame Trump because you cant interest voters.
 Geez Mr. Trump
Highly respected PUBLIC POLICY POLLING (PPP) just announced that I am number one in IOWA. Thank you!
New PPP poll just released in Iowa- up 6 points from last poll. Leading w/ 28%! Don't worry - media won't report it! .


.  was great as a political analyst on . He knows far more than football. Thanks for the nice words Joe!
I won every debate so far according to all debate polls including _REPORT
Between Iraq war monger 
I am in Trump International Hotel
I wonder if  and her flunkies have written their scripts yet about my debate performance tonight. No matter how well I do - bad!
. is very bad at math. She was totally unable to figure out the difference between me and Cruz in the new Monmouth Poll 41to14.
.
Why isn't anyone using the  Iowa Poll with me having a big lead. They only want to use the one negative poll (2nd place).Dishonest press
Isn't it amazing that  paid a fortune for an Iowa Poll
Wow
Thank you for your support!  

 Donald Trump vs Hillary Clinton would be the greatest presidential battle in history.
   I'm in PA near PBurgh. Dad will register to vote first time for Trump. Mom is changing from D to R!
   oh my word what a crowd.. just breathtaking.   
What an evening in Las Vegas

Why doesn't  use the  Iowa poll?  
Thank you . Great work on . 
Thank you _chris for your nice words. They are very much appreciated. I fully understand that you really get it.
 

Can't believe Major League Baseball just rejected _14 for the Hall of Fame. He's paid the price. So ridiculous - let him in!
. - you were fantastic on CNN. Thank you for the nice words. See you at the .
. was great on  . Thank you Pat! 
Thank you .


Another great accolade for . Highly respected Golf Odyssey- awarded  Blue Monster with best redesign. Thank you!
Record of Health 
 

EXCLUSIVE Newt Gingrich The Country Is in Rebellion

Why doesn't  quote the new Iowa  Poll where I have a 33% to 20% lead over Ted Cruz and all others. Think about it!
 UFC President Dana White Endorses Donald Trump [VIDEO] _NC  Trump did not need 2acquire wealth &amp; power
People have got to stop working to be so politically correct and focus all of their energy on finding solutions to very complex problems!
  and as far as that low-info voter base goes
   Problem is I never watched you until Trump started giving you interviews and ratings on CNN.
 .You're the real deal. For my money
 TRUMP NEEDS HIS OWN POLL A REAL POLL
   That's why
   Not so much fairness as it is about ratings . Megan Kellys hate nightly of Trump is turn-off for FOX
I was disappointed that Ted Cruz would speak behind my back
I did interview with Chris Wallace of  in order to be fair. He then puts on Rove
 Everyone vote for  and no he did not pay me for this endorsement.
  I find myself more and more drawn to CNN for fairness regarding  The Fox News Sunday pundits a joke!
   TRUMP HAS STAMINA
Many think that the Championship Course at Turnberry
A very good NBC/Wall Street Journal Poll was just released wherein I went up from last month and am in the lead. Nice!
 ABC News spent 81 minutes on Donald Trump and only 20 seconds on our campaign.  That's because  is smart!
.  Great job last night - very exciting! You have come a long way from those difficult early days
People that have read it tell me that  book is terrible (and boring). Save your money!  should can him
    CRUZ doesn't do anything about ILLEGALS and REFUGEES invading Texas. _NY    As a democrat I have to say
   TRUMP IS WINNING BY SO MUCH MORE
    That is why we don't need a politician to be the next president.
  I'd pay to watch that - The Donald vs Hillary  Get ready!
   
   I agree with Trump. Record turnouts . There's a lot of potential voters that Trump is tapping into.
Chris Wallace  at 1000 A.M.
 

.  at 900 A.M.
. An election between Hillary and myself will be the biggest voter turnout in U.S. history. Just like the debates 24 M vs 2M.
. Interesting article
 _Talal  Has your country
Something must be done with dopey  - he is pushing Republicans down the same old path of defeat. Don't fall for it
     love you Trump! Please 
    I'll be watching 
    DVR SET!
I will be interviewed on   at 900 A.M. and Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace at 10O0  A.M. CNN Iowa Poll -13 point lead!
I will be on CNN's - State of the Union tomorrow morning at 9amE. New CNN Iowa poll - Trump 33
Thank you General.  A great afternoon. Thank you South Carolina!   Reports say  now has a passport machine to have its believers infiltrate our country. I told you so. John Podesta says nominee will be Cruz b/c last person Hillary wants to face is Trump! Use your head folks! 46-41! Getting the support of  of UFC means a lot. A total winner
._Graham
Thank you! 

I will be interviewed on  at 800 A.M. So much to talk about!
. did a fantastic interview with syndicated columnist Michelle Malkin. Congrats to both!
 Trump Protect the 2nd amendment...And by the way were going to be saying Merry Christmas again. Iowa crowd LOVES it.
 Iowa's RNC committeewoman Tamara Scott praises Trump and asks why the RNC would not be thrilled with his candidacy.
 Trump says he was establishment. I backed McCain he lost. I backed Romney he lost. This time I'm doing it myself.
  Good Lord ... Donald.. Your following went up so much lately ... Crazy love for you and what you stand for!
 Donald Trump unleashes verbal assault on nice guy Ted Cruz  I will follow  all the way to   Just got back from Iowa
I had a great time in Des Moines
. you were great with  on  tonight.  Thank you for your kind words. We will keep Americans safe.
Dopey Prince _Talal wants to control our U.S. politicians with daddys money. Cant do it when I get elected. 
Thank you  &amp; ! 
Thank you! We are at 35% in new Reuters poll with  coming in at 12%. Time to ! I will not let you down! 


Tom Ridge is a failed 'Bushy' &amp; PA Governor. Him &amp; his friend  shouldn't be allowed to do their bias commentary- nobody listens!
Tom Ridge should be focused on trying to bring the party together rather than ripping it apart w/ your faulty thought process. I will win!
Never get good 's from failing Des Moines Register/Bloomberg. I think something's going on w/them. Up 13 in IA according to respected CNN.
Great news in Georgia!  The just out  Landmark poll shows me in first with 43%! Wow. Our spectacular ballroom under construction at the great Turnberry resort in Scotland. . is a nice guy 
._Joe just went off the rails. I will beat Hillary easily - she does not want to run against me. I am tuning them out
. should not make statements behind closed doors to his bosses
Looks like  is getting ready to attack. I am leading by so much he must. I hope so
._Joe is so off on Iowa
Great evening last night in  New Hampshire. Got the endorsement from the New England Police Union - big  territory
. was not good tonight on . He just doesn't know about winning! But he is a nice guy.
 . Explains Why  Has Plenty of Staying Power  
  Time for the Republican establishment to accept the fact that Trump is not only a viable candidate
_cristy  I hope that you will be the next POTUS.
Respected Morning Consult poll just out. I lead all Republicans and beat Hillary head to head by a wide margin- 45 to 40!
In Britain

Thank you to _Graham. I have always appreciated your courage
An honor to be endorsed by the New England Police Benevolent Association. Thank you! Why Franklin Graham says Donald Trump is right about stopping Muslim immigration  Establishment flunky  is going crazy with the just released CBS poll that has me way ahead. New Fox poll has me beating Hillary.
Dummy  continues to make and write false statements. He still thinks Romney wonhe should get a life!
Thank you for your support! Being  will NOT ! I am signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Order yours nowmakes a great holiday gift!  The politicians of the U.K. should watch Katie Hopkins of Daily Thank you to respected columnist Katie Hopkins of Daily The United Kingdom is trying hard to disguise their massive  Muslim problem. Everybody is wise to what is happening
I have decided to postpone my trip to Israel and to schedule my meeting with  at a later date after I become President of the U.S.
Our VISA system is broken
I will be interviewed on  this morning at 730. So much to talk about!
Wow
. spent a big part of her show talking about other shows spending so much time on me. Really weird
    great interview! Speaking calmly but carrying a heavy stick! Thank you!
Weak and totally conflicted people like  shouldn't be allowed on television unless given an I.Q. test. Dumb as a rock!  
    . The people do not care what politician said about Trump . We still support him all the way
Great interview tonight  - very professionally done. 
  You're a funny guy! Vote      Megyn clearly was out to make a bigger name for herself and struck first blow. 
    this is the best interview so far. Honest
 Mr Trump did you deny Megyn Kelly. What is her issue! I used to like her. Can't stand her now. Very little talent! 
Thank you  for your wonderful editorial as to why I should have been  Magazine's Person of the Year. You should run Time!
Great leaders listen to and support law enforcement officials. Police discuss no-go areas Why does  bore their audience with people like 
.
. on  at 1000 P.M.
Thank you for all of your support
I am interviewed on the   tonight at 800. Then at 1000
Carter Banned Iranians From Coming To U.S. During Hostage Crisis  Haim Saban Hillary Clintons Top Hollywood Donor Demands Racial Profiling of Muslims   The police in London say Im right. Major article in Daily Mail. We cant wear uniform in our own cars.  Thank you - you finally get it! Thank you
._Nutter of Philadelphia
I am signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Makes a great holiday gift. Order yours now!  Rupert Murdoch Defends Trump 'Complete Refugee Pause' Makes Sense'  I told you  Magazine would never pick me as person of the year despite being the big favorite They picked person who is ruining Germany
  did you hear the mayor nutter of philadelphias comments towards you? Ignorance Yes
    _aub    People forget the policies of leaders like  allowed 9/11 killers to immigrate
Hillary Clinton does not have the STRENGTH or STAMINA to be President. We need strong and super smart for our next leader - or trouble!
The last person corrupt Hillary Clinton wants to run against is Donald J. Trump. I'll end up beating her in every state. New Fox Poll-Trump!
The failing  does not mention the new  Poll that has me leading Iowa by a massive 13 points - I am at 33%. Maggie Haberman
   Mr. Trump
   anyone who hates on Trump hates on America. We are a proud nation lacking a leader. Choose Trump to bring us
Great poll numbers just coming out of New Hampshire. BIG lead for Trump according to !
Wow
Our country is facing a major threat from radical Islamic terrorism. We better get very smart
Despite my great respect for King Abdullah II
Prior to the end of the year
Great new poll from NH. Thank you! We need to keep this country safe!  Will be on  News tonight at 630. Interviewed by the legendary ! Enjoy
The legendary  will be asking me questions about the Presidential campaign on  at 630 PM.
A very big poll is coming out at 6 PM in New Hampshire. Will be very interested in the results.
A new poll indicates that 68% of my supporters would vote for me if I departed the GOP &amp; ran as an independent. I am signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Order yours nowmakes a great holiday gift!  I wish the  Wall Street Journal had reported the just out  Iowa Poll correctly. I lead by a wide margin
Just won IOWA  Poll BIG Trump 33% Cruz 20% Rubio 11%
Thank you for the support

  I hope you become president!
 RT  New Iowa poll finds . in the lead by double digits.    is so great towards you. Just doesn't like people on his show to bad mouth you. He is great .
   DonaldTrump preach it brother! First election I've been excited about in many many years. Since Reagan to be exact
   Amen! Looking forward to a happy new year. It's been too long! 
  _ Today
_or_Rumor   Hey Hillary
  Can't wait for President Trump to put things in order in US. We desperately need patriot with
Great video of tonights crowd reacting to my latest proposal in SC.  Just released  Poll gives me a big 13 point lead in Iowa. Change your false story failing . Thank you Iowa!
The main stream media wants to surrender constitutional rights  I believe  needs to surrender!
On my way to Charleston/Mount Pleasant
Statement on Preventing Muslim Immigration Just put out a very important policy statement on the extraordinary influx of hatred &amp; danger coming into our country. We must be vigilant!
Thank you Iowa! 

I am especially grateful for the tremendous support I have received from the Evangelicals in the just out Iowa CNN poll. Thank you!
I am greatly honored by the results of the CNN poll in Iowa. In the end
. is going out of its way to tell failing candidates how to beat Donald Trump.The Post doesnt get that Im good at winning!
   Trump will only increase his lead after the terror attacks. America believes Trump will get rid of ISIS!
Today we honor the fallen at 

Poor  doesn't have what it takes- Credible Source on 9-11 Muslim Celebrations FBI I am signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Order yours nowmakes a great holiday gift!  If  ever had to pay fair taxes
The  loses   money (a deduction) and gives owner  power to screw public on low taxation of ! Big tax shelter
The 
N.Y.C. has the worst Mayor in the United States. I hate watching what is happening with the dirty streets
I spoke with other candidates to a Jewish group
Obama said in his speech that Muslims are our sports heroes. What sport is he talking about
Thank you Graham Ledger of the Daily Ledger  for your really fair coverage and your great interview with Peter Roff of U.S. NEWS &amp; W.R.
  He will never say it
Well
Should have gone after the oil years ago (like I have been saying).
Wish Obama would say ISIS
Is that all there is? We need a new President - FAST!
  He needs to stop all Visas not look at them!
  he is reading off the TelePrompTer.  But that is O.K. in this case.
 THIS IS WHO WE R REGISTER AS REP ONLINE 2VOTE TRUMP IN PRIMARY    air strikes? Who's air strikes??
  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
Hope he won't spend too much time ripping apart the 2nd. Amendment!
The podium in the Oval Office looks odd! Not good
Hillary won't call out radical Islam! She will be soundly defeated.
I will be re-tweeting some of your better
BIG NIGHT ON TWITTER TONIGHT. I WILL BE LIVE TWEETING PRESIDENT OBAMA'S SPEECH AT 750 P.M. ( EASTERN). MUST TALK RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM!
Gee
May the Festival of Lights bring our Jewish friends from around the world
I have been saying it for sometime now!

Order my book CRIPPLED AMERICA for your holiday gifts. I will be signing books for the next two weeks!  Americas most reliable bellwether county has fallen for  Thank you America! Together
Wow
I will be live-tweeting President Obama's prime-time speech tonight starting at 750 P.M. (Eastern).Will he finally state the real problems?
  only President Donald J Trump can 
 _     in bed together &amp; hate Trump.  Win it for the USA &amp; the 21st Cent
  We will elect  for President! We must!  Awesome interview. You are always honest with the American people Thank you Mr. Trump!! .  Thank you so much for your nice words. I will make you look very smart!
  Trump is not controlled by donors
So
Watch Face The Nation - will be on now!
Hillary just said that she will not use the term radical Islamic - but was incapable of saying why. She is afraid of  Obama &amp; the e-mails!
  _tweedy   AMERICA WANTS    Poll numbers will go up even more for  after Obama's 'address'
_tweedy   Kasick message is as muddled and stagnant as his political career. Lied about Trump crowd. Media-he LIED!
I will be interviewed on Face The Nation  at 1030 A.M. Should be interesting - ENJOY!
Was going to do a phoner this morning with  on  but they could not get their phone equipment to hook in. Will do next week.
Wonder if Obama will ever say RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORIST?
. &amp;  should be fired for dishonest reporting. Thank you  for reporting the truth. 
   just tweeted that you are a third rate reporter. That's only because I'm being nice!

.
A great day in both Spencer &amp; Davenport
Re CRIPPLED AMERICA   I am signing books for the next two weeks. Order yours for holiday gifts!  Done by a real fan!   

Raleigh
  you were awesome at the  rally. It was exciting to see you. Two truly fantastic women!
  you were awesome at the  rally. It was exciting to see you.
   Thanks for coming to Raleigh Mr. Trump. I enjoyed every minute of your epic speech!  Thanks
      Yes! We love you Donald!! We are behind you all the way to Whitehouse!!
_techpro Donald Trump opens up 'massive' lead in national poll       WILL TURN PA from Clinton Blue to TRUMP RED! Team WONT STOP
   keep up your good work Mr trump cause u have my vote
     we are with you Mr Trump. We back you 100 percent.
 . 
   Trump understands freedom needs defending with full heart and diligence. He will fight for America!
A great night in Raleigh
Great Live Signing last nite! Over 25k views. I am signing books for next two weeks. Order yours for holiday gifts. Good news
Congratulations

A total refutation of the disgraceful David Brooks column in the failing  by the  


. one of the dumber bloggers  only writes purposely inaccurate pieces on me. She is in love with Marco Rubio?
The horrible shooting that took place in San Bernardino was an absolute act of terror that many people knew about. Why didnt they report?
.  Martha
Great Live Signing last nite! Over 25k views. I am signing books for next two weeks. Order yours for holiday gifts The virtually incompetent Republican Strategist who has had a failed career
. &amp;  Please thank Alisyn Camerota
. Poll just came out
 The GOP establishment Republican voters think Donald Trump would be most electable nominee.  Another clip that seems to vindicate The Donald... . I totaly won the RJC meeting yesterday. Know many members who said not even close. Only FULL standing O. But don't want $'s
_Steam_ As a professional handicapper  is a 3/5 favorite for presidency.  
  Your hand must be tired from all the Crippled America books you autographed tonight-one is mine.  Great!
_Libertad Show 'em how it's done in Raleigh tomorrow
 Great job on O'Reilly  Stay who you are
  We can't take 8 years of Hilary or 8 years of establishment GOP!!! We need Trump!!
   America needs a real leader
Watch my live book signing now! I invite you to join my campaign to Make America Great Again! Sign up to Volunteer! Purchase your copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA now &amp; be on potential call list for my live streaming signing event tonite.  Thank you!!  

Thank you
Via  Great to see the construction of the Old Post Office on Penn Ave. Going fast - under budget
It was recently reported that 3rd rate $ losing  is a foil for the Clintons. Questions given to Clinton in advance. No credibility.
Thank you so much for the wonderful article
Thank you! Vote in 2016!  Thank you!  CRIPPLED AMERICA is the perfect gift for friends &amp; family. Order signed copy &amp; join me at 730pm
Why can't  get better reporters than Ben Schreckenger? Guy is a major lightweight with no credibility. So dishonest!
Loved being in Manassas
CRIPPLED AMERICA is perfect gift for friends &amp; family. Order signed copy &amp; join me tonite live streaming 730 

  Your the man Don. You make me smile every day. Look forward to your inauguration. Nice!
     The more frightening the world is 
 Will be interesting to see how many times Jersey rooftop will be brought up now that video has miraculously been found...
  You can definitely thank God for you health
As a presidential candidate
 Trump Mideast peace 'something I'd really like to do' I consider my health
 CBS reports swarms of celebrators were on roofs in Jersey on 9/11/2001 VIDEO   APOLOGIZE HYPOCRITE Jersey City 9/11 Celebration Report   Congratulations on the GREAT job done by POLICE and law enforcement on the California shootings. Give credit where credit is due.
    his poll numbers jump every time instances like this occur.
    start backing  real change is coming !
  if only we had a leader like this. We will soon. DonaldTrump will look out for the interests of Americans.
Heading to Manassas
. Police and law enforcement seem to have killed one of the California shooters and are in a shootout with the others. Go police
   Chris Christie needs to  2 along with everyone else who doubted u. 
 Legal &amp; illegal immigration drive down American wages. Only DonaldTrump can fix this.   
  WILL WIN! He's counting on ALL supporters TO VOTE Then WE CELEBRATE WITH TAILGATE STYLE PARTIES! 
 This country is being frayed by the inept politicians in DC. We need to vote smarter and be more informed.  
 Bruce LeVell
  Amen
  Mr. Trump
 I likewise saw militant Muslims burning our flag and burning George Bush photos and figures
       yet
A signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA is the ultimate gift. Order now &amp; join my live streaming book signing on 12/3  California shooting looks very bad. Good luck to law enforcement and God bless. This is when our police are so appreciated!
Thank you CBS &amp; Breitbart-total vindication! Will the mainstream media apologize? Many

I beat Hillary in the new  Poll head to head.  SHE HAS NO STRENGTH OR STAMINA
LIVE on  Live with the Donald Join me at 200pmEST today - live from Trump Tower - via Facebook &amp; Periscope! Illegal immigrant children
Order signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA &amp; submit a question for my live streaming book signing on 12/3 at 730 pm.   I WILL BE ON   AT 730 -NOW!
The truth continues to come out after 14 years. A truth that many in the media did not want to tell. 

    Stupid opinion!  is Winning! why will he leave? dummy!       Any GOP candidate will lose except for  I agree!
   Conservatives
  I will NOT vote for Cruz or . My vote is pledged to  &amp;my grandchildren. Pray for the USA.
    ***Howard Stern Caller day after 9/11   I live in NJ &amp; you've got that right! NJ wants ChrisChristie OUT of NJ! 
  I just signed up in support of your campaign on your website   Have a great rally !!!
     YES HE IS &amp; SHOULD APOLOGIZE All people trying 2 take Trump down
Just arrived in New Hampshire. Another packed venue! Will be fun.
You would think a paper like the Washington Post would be fair and objective. For the record
Highly untalented Wash Post blogger
Order a signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA &amp; submit a question for my live streaming book signing on 12/3 at 730 pm   What is Obama thinking? Curtis Sliwa - doing tv commentary on 9/13/2001. Good job Curtis. Please send your apologies to . Look at the editorial I was just sent from the NY Post on 9/14/01 - 3 days after collapse of WTC. Any apologies? Jamiel Shaw was incredible on  this morning. His son
I want to thank all my friends in Macon for the special evening and great reception. What a crowd of incredible people!
A signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA makes a great gift. Order &amp; join my live streaming book signing event on 12/3   A great night in Macon
Order signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA &amp; have opportunity to submit question for my live streaming book signing 12/3 Meeting with African American Pastors at Trump Tower was amazing. Wonderful news conference followed. Now off to Georgia for big speech!
We need a great leader- now! We better be vigilant
The Republican establishment
How is Chris Christie running the state of NJ
Wow
 _Joe THERE WERE NO VIDEO CELL PHONES!IS AreUall looking4bonus?Near StJoes Hosp Paterson NJ Arab area outside celeb
 Mr. Trump
   we also saw numerous (since scrubbed) videos of celebrations on 9/11
When will  get some real political talent rather than political commentators like Errol Louis
    We could use a new era of greatness! America needs to return to its place in the worldleading!
  John Kasich-it didn't work I'm still voting for  John has done so poorly in the debates he's done!
 Maria
_richter  TRUMP will make America SAFE again...He will make America LEGAL again...He will make America GREAT again!  USA
  They should all get on the Trump train!  So true!
    Trump for president!  
  Every time Trump is gracious enough to do a MSM interview he gets ambushed with nonsensical questions
   TRUMP IS THE SMARTEST AND BEST MAN TO SAVE AMERICA.     is Up! Up! Up! No other candidate is even close!!   Great job  on . You made kooky Cokie Roberts and  look even dumber than they are. You will be right!
    Chuck doesn't know that 100
After my meeting with the pastors
Will be meeting on Monday at Trump Tower with a large group of African American Pastors. Many I know-wonderful people! Not a press event.
Just watched Cookie Roberts on . Her predictions have been so wrong for so long that she has lost all credibility. Just another sad case
   Trump is our last hope to make America great again.  So true!
 I can't wait to vote for  
 How High Corporate Taxes Lost America The Worlds Next Biggest Drug Company     story is bogus. Donald Trump has the most diverse group of voters/supporters in the GOP field.
. has to do better reporting if it wants to keep up with the crowd.So totally one-sided and biased against me that it is becoming boring
   Another hit piece by CNN. What? We're not biased!
I will be on  in an interview with  on Sunday morning. So much to talk about!
    Your story is a total fraud  I agree!
   I can't believe how low CNN can go. Obviously a bunch of Killary fans.  only says negative-bad reporters
The Sarasota
. Kayleigh McEnany was great on you network today. You should have her  on more often! Thank you Kayleigh for your nice words.
       so great in Sarasota
   JohnKasich  All you career Politicians are shaking in your shoes for fear Trump gets elected
   NOW'S THE TIME 4 CHRISTIANS TO GET OUT THE VOTE BIG TIME TO SAVE CHRISTIANITY ONCE &amp; 4 ALL. TRUMP
Sarasota was an unbelievable success. We expected 5
We boarded the helicopter for Sarasota earlier &amp; will be landing soon! See you there.    America backs you. Your our next President!!!! Thank you!
Virtually no-one has spent more money in helping the  American people with disabilities than me. Will discuss today at my speech in Sarasota
The reporter who pulled-back from his 14 year old never retracted story is having fun. I don't know what he looks like and don't know him!
I will be going to Sarasota
 Live Stream Donald Trump Rally in Sarasota
  That's why 's THE MAN. CANNOT BE BOUGHT BY   . 
Pollster Trend 



  Incompetence now the norm. NYTimes is an example. Need competent leader as role model. Trump2016
   Don't let the jackals in the media trip u up. Their getting desperate
  So like the media to make something out of nothing. Don't let them sidetrack from the message.
   _Holly_Renee  should the reporter's dishonesty be shielded from ridicule?
 Donald Trump Rises to 38% Nationally; Ted Cruz Edges into 2nd at 12%
 Great twitter quote about Donald Trump Never apologize for fake controversies whipped up by the perpetually offended media
  If you combine the business models for both Macy's &amp; the NY Times
  _Swensen  no need to explain
  Shopping  is NO LONGER a family CHRISTMAS TIME tradition in my house. Great
The failing  should focus on fair and balanced reporting rather than constant hit jobs on me. Yesterday 3 boring articles
I do not know the reporter for the 
Great new poll numbers! Thank you for your support!   . gets it. Never apologize for fake controversies whipped up by the perpetually offended  media.
Happy Thanksgiving to all. Have a great day and look forward to the future. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The numbers at the   are so dismal
So
The dopes at the  bought the Boston Globe for $1.3 billion and sold it for $1.00. Their great old headquarters-gave it away! So dumb
The  is so poorly run and managed that other family members are looking to take over control. With unfunded liabilities-big trouble!
   I lived in New Jersey at that time and witnessed all that as well.
The failing  should be focused on good reporting and the papers financial survival and not with constant hits on Donald Trump!
__Real So good to see the  family out with him on the campaign trail! It really shows the family man that he is!
Credible Source on 9-11 Muslim Celebrations FBI

  I LIVE IN NEW JERSEY &amp;  IS RIGHT MUSLIMS DID CELEBRATE ON 9/11 HERE! WE SAW IT!  The Establishment is afraid of . Once we try a business man we may never want a politician again! 
Thank you for your continued support!

 just totally bombed on _Joe.  has him on even though he has lost all credibility - a loser!  Fox should dump Rove.
  _Joe   did not say very nice things about you this morning on her show. Typical liberal! True!
   _Joe  Bombed is an understatement. Pathetic attempt by . Rove embarrassed himself
  _Joe    America wants DONALD TRUMP! TV Heads still refuse to embrace that reality! Media are LIARS.
_laughlin DonaldTrump  _Joe  Never thought much of Carl.. Make America Great Again Trump for President 2016
  _Joe  Karl is a total joke!!!! If he didn't have the Bush family and Fox he wouldn't have anything! !
South Carolina was so great last night. Will be back soon!
Why would  use  as an election analyst when he has made so many mistakes. He still thinks Romney won. An establishment dope!
   Love it. Wish I could get  I hear good things about them such as objective unbiased reporting.
   Fantastic winning all the way to WH 
 .  no one is even close to 
Myrtle Beach

A wonderful evening in South Carolina - big crowd
  had a great time in Myrtle Beach tonight.
New  national poll released. Thank you America!  Thank you for your nice words   for the nice words on  with Chris Wallace.  
What is Frank VanderSloot getting for agreeing to back Marco Rubio? Last victim was Mitt Romney - see how that turned out.
. came up to see me. A really nice and talented guy.  Leave our candidate  alone! Do not embarrass yourselves further.
  Keep up the good work! Americans of ALL kinds are rallying behind jlDonaldTrump to help 
  I'll only vote for TRUMP! If eGOP screw things up I won't vote for ANY republicans; ANY  If you run anyone but Trump
Will be doing  at 10 PM on .  As always with Sean
Heading to Myrtle Beach
Republicans must stop relying on losers like  if they want to start winning presidential elections. Be tough and get smart!
 .  I enjoyed the speech so much tonight
  it was awesome! . Great crowd! Wonderful
   You know he has great vision. The very best. Many people have told him so. Thousands of people!
    they're finally gettin the message
 We have a voice with DonaldTrump
 ... You ROCKED IT AGAIN IN OHIO!!!! Come to Nebraska.. Please!! Trump 2016!! Thanks and I will!
Just left Columbus rally of 14
   Ben Carson advisers say he struggles with foreign policy   Everything Mr. Trump touches turns to gold
Heading for Ohio - really big crowd of amazing people! Much to talk about!
Going to Ohio
. reports that  getting ready to treat me unfairlybig spending planned against me. That wasnt the deal!
Via  9/18/01. I want an apology! Many people have tweeted that I am right! When you do your Christmas shopping remember how disloyal  was to the subject of illegal immigration.  
Hillary
Going to Columbus
. has one of the worst reporters in the business   wouldnt know the truth if it hit him in the face.
. continues to do extremely dishonest reporting. Always looking for a hit to bring them back into relevancyaint working!
. thank you for the nice comments recently
Hillary Clinton is weak on illegal immigration
_conservative    is an excellent resource for the 2016 race   
  Trump gave a great speech in Ala. What's more important a protester? I wouldn't give these folks 1 sec of attn
    THE SCRIPT FOR A GREAT WORLD CHANGING LEADER TO ARISE HAS BEEN WRITTEN &amp; IT WAS FOR MR. TRUMP
  The reporter is the one who mentioned the national database FIRST and not DonaldTrump. Y not report HONEST NEWS?
    We need Trump now! Obama isn't protecting Americans !!
 The Paris attacks have only made Donald Trump stronger   Trump is the epitome of integrity
_lisa   A Clinton Cannot be trusted!How many x's do we allow them to disgrace this country? 
         By going after you
Great poll numbers! Thank you!

We better get tough with RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISTS
13 Syrian refugees were caught trying to get into the U.S. through the Southern Border. How many made it?  WE NEED THE WALL!
Great poll numbers all over and beating Hillary Clinton one on one. Thank you!
Big new  Poll to be announced at 900 A.M. on This Week with . I will be interviewed on show!
. just announced that I am leading  BIG in the new  Poll which will be shown on This Week at 900 A.M. I will be on show
Will be interviewed on  at 800 A.M.
I find that  is a far more professional operation than .
.ccolvinj  is one of the truly bad reporters-working for an organization that has totally lost its way. Stories are fictional garbage.
 URGENT  an effort to destroy their own front runner.     Kimberly G. hosted Greta last nights&amp; told the TRUTH about Trump!  What Financial Pros Can Learn from Donald Trump's Communication Style  Donald Trump retakes lead in GOP race; Ted Cruz makes gains poll  Great family. Great interview  !  Well said  Its clear that Donald Trump was NOT even talking about a Muslim Database!  Do successful CEOs sleep less than everyone else?  Report  Heckler Convicted Of Attempting To Blow Up Marine Recruitment Center  Palin on 2016 I think it would come down to Cruz and Trump!   Ill talk to Donald Trump about his comments on Syrian refugees
 Trump's Wife
.
Thank you to all law enforcement agencies for a fabulous job!

Thank you for a great afternoon Birmingham
It's too bad so few people showed up to  Family Leader dinner. Next year I'll try &amp; be there- and they'll have a huge crowd!
Thank you John Nolte for 

Rumor has it - Pataki
So nice when media properly polices media. Thank you . 

A woman who got fired after two days of working with Scott Walker - a wacko - now trying to raise funds to fight me.
Heading to Birmingham
To show you how politicians act
We're stuck with the worst mayor in the United States. Too bad
People are really liking my new book
  Make America Great again vote Donald Trump
  anchor's shocked that DonaldTrump's  comments resonate with GOP base will go apoplectic that he does with democrats too.
  cannot be bought! Therefore he cannot be silenced!
   we're ready to thwart the establishment attempts in the Buckeye State.  
  Do you plan on making any campaign stops in West Virginia? YES
 Watched  special tonight! You have such amazing children. Lots to be proud of! Love your wife! Class Act!
 A GREAT DAY in South Carolina for DonaldTrump &amp; !      You're the hero America needs!   Thank you
  Your family is a better watch than the Kardashians by a mile! Cute!
   No pay or compensation to make our beautiful country again!! That's his promise to us!! We love u trump
     he will make America great again
      the best man for the job! Thanks!
  AMAZING interview. You and your family will be great role models for America!!!  
     Watching now! Great! Always true to his word and the USA! A real leader! So nice to hear!!!
  trump 20/20 shows just what hard work and good family can do. Blue collar with you.
    Long live Donald Trump our next Ronald Reagan!!! God bless you we need you Nice!
Join us at 10pmE on   with !    I joined  with  on  this evening.  

  No one can take  down because it is the WILL of the people for him to win!
  When you become president
_liner    Trump supporters are a very loyal breed! We see the truth
Looking forward to watching the legendary  interview my family (and me) tonight on  at 1000. Many things to talk about!
_jere  You are amazing Mr. Trump! Thank you!!!  So nice.
Tune into the legendary  at 10pmE on

.    Please thank Charles Lane for his new found confidence. He has made a very good bet!
  ROLL TIDE
  North Carolina. Come on down.  Will be there very soon!
  Alabama loves you  Great!
  I'll be in attendance.     Nice!
 Awesome news. Keep your focus on the issues. You just might get more blue collar Democrats to vote for you than Reagan.
. Thank you
Just got back from South Carolina. Going to Alabama tomorrow!
. is weak on illegal immigration &amp; totally incompetent as a manager and leader - no strength or stamina to be !
The legendary  interviews my family and me tonight at 1000 on  . Don't miss it! . should focus on running  &amp; all of the problems that he has caused with his ineptitude
Can you believe the worst Mayor in the U.S.
Thank you for a great afternoon
I didn't suggest a database-a reporter did. We must defeat Islamic terrorism &amp; have surveillance
Under our President
My family has the honor of being interviewed for a full hour by the legendary  tonight  - 10pmE. .
Going to South Carolina now
The media must denigrate ISIS at all levels or youth will continue to be drawn to it. These are low level degenerates
The media must immediately stop calling ISIS leaders MASTERMINDS. Call them instead thugs and losers. Young people must not go into ISIS!
A wonderful afternoon in Iowa! Great people! Heading now to Florida - tomorrow
A great evening in Iowa! Thank you Des Moines Area Community College for a great forum!   John Kasich was managing director of Lehman Brothers when it crashed
Once John Kasich announced he was running for president
John Kasich fell right into President Obamas trap on ObamaCare
Doesnt help Kasich to do negative ads on me because he still has to go through everyone else  - hes almost last.
I loved beating John Kasich in the debates
Kasich has already spent $6 million on ads in New Hampshire and his numbers have gone down. People from NH are smart!
Watch Kasich squirm - if he is not truthful in his negative ads I will sue him just for fun!
I want to do negative ads on John Kasich
John Kasich
John Kasich should focus his special interest money on building up his failed image
Governor Kasich
The legendary Barbara Walters interviews Melania Trump and me on a special this Friday night at 1000 on ABC. Don't miss it!
Thank you Worcester
Just the beginning &amp; it is going to get worse. Rates &amp; deductibles are so high nobody is going to be able to use it. I told you! Premiums are soaring!   

Thank you for your support! Together we can !  The POLICE in Paris did a fantastic job. Very brave - not easy!
Everyone is now saying how right I was with illegal immigration &amp; the wall. After Paris
Eight Syrians were just caught on the southern border trying to get into the U.S. ISIS maybe? I told you so. WE NEED A BIG &amp; BEAUTIFUL WALL!
 New Hampshire Poll  'Rules GOP Race in New Hampshire.' Trump 27
Via Politico Trump Extends Lead in New Hampshire Poll Very nice article from Daily Mail  Great New Poll  How does Ben Carson survive this problem  really big. Similar story on front page of New York Times.

   Thank you for all of your support! Let's !  The great Barbara Walters interviews Melania Trump and me on a Special Friday night at 1000 on ABC.     Obama has no credibility on terrorist threats &amp; ISIS. Trump best to protect us
I will be interviewed by   tonight at 1000 on  . Much
Melania and I just had interview with the legendary . Watch  this Friday. Tonight we talk ISIS 
. is doing very badly. I can say from experience their reporting is terrible &amp; highly inaccurate. Sadly
One of the saddest things in journalism is what happened to the formerly great . They have lost their way and are no longer credible.
What is our President doing? GOP Voters Trust Donald Trump to Keep Our Country Safe Refugees from Syria are now pouring into our great country. Who knows who they are - some could be ISIS. Is our president insane?
I
So many great polls like Reuters - big leads everywhere. New Hampshire really special! We will win big and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you Tennessee!  Just received a copy of  new book  a great read! Sarah is a terrific person.
Great poll numbers out of . Thank you!   

Just leaving Knoxville
Just landing in Knoxville
I agree! The headline says it all.  

Discussing  with  on  back on 10/3/2015.  Will be landing in Knoxville
Republicans must stop listening to dopes like  who still insists Mitt Romney won the last election. Think big &amp; think strong!
Wow
Interesting article from highly respected Wayne Allyn Root Remember
 From St. Patrick's Cathedral
    didn't know he was CEO of tmobile
Tom Brady just did it again. He is not only a great guy
President Obama just told President Putin how important the Russian air strikes against ISIS have been. I TOLD YOU SO!
.    John
   you are so right. I only trust Trump to be tough on immigration
_831      I have faith he will win and save America
_831     i have faith he will win and save America
_Votes We finally have a voice with  Lets do our part &amp; VOTE IN THE R PRIMARY
 Reading the comments of the leftists on here makes me nauseated. We SO NEED YOU
 Does anybody ever realize that HillaryClinton doesn't make eye contact with anyone
 If you missed it
    You're spot on! He tries 2b an intellectual elitist.The truth he has a low IQ
Glad to see that  lost her championship fight last night. Was soundly beaten - not a nice person!
I have watched sloppy Graydon Carter fail and close Spy Magazine and now am watching him fail at  Magazine. He is a total loser!
. Magazine is doing really poorly. It has gotten worse and worse over the years
 Donald Trump surges in poll among likely Republican voters  Donald Trump says tough gun control laws in Paris contributed to tragedy  One of Paris terrorist came as Syrian refugee. Donald Trump is right again. BOMB THEIR OIL - TAKE AWAY THEIR FUNDING
We need strong
I had a great time in Texas yesterday. A tremendous crowd of wonderful and enthusiastic people. Will be back soon!
. on ISIS&amp;OIL FIELDS! Saying it for years! 
When will President Obama issue the words RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM? He  can't say it
  the best book I've read in years
  Crippled America is an incredible book! People need to read truth.  
 Poll Trump Surges to 42% Nationally; Bad News for Marco Rubio I think everyone will like my new and very successful book
Wow
Hillary and Sanders are not doing well
Why won't President Obama use the term Islamic Terrorism? Isn't it now
  TrumpOn America needs you in office Now!  
  I absolutely love this
 Enough of these party debates. What I wanna see is a  vs  one on one debate! That would be easy!
_  are you watching this circus?!?  what a joke! 
  this debate stinks. CBS News
Great news out of New Hampshire! DonaldTrump is pulling away from the pack w/ 2nd is 17% behind him!  _  was right! close the borders! 
      I love you Trump! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
 I still haven't heard the WH say the words islamic terrorist. Call it what it is.  can't happen fast enough.
  has what MONEY CAN'T BUY VISION &amp; LOYAL &amp; MOTIVATED SUPPORT!      
    THE WORLD IS PLAYING EVERYTHING RIGHT FOR TRUMP! EVERY DAY HIS POINTS ARE PROVEN
  you definitely have my vote!
  - a tough man for a tough job in tough times. Gloves off
_Posillico  you need to win for not just America
We need much tougher
President Obama said ISIL continues to shrink in an interview just hours before the horrible attack in Paris. He is just so bad! CHANGE.
My prayers are with the victims and hostages in the horrible Paris attacks. May God be with you all.
Boy is this guy  tough on me. So totally biased. As a reporter
They laughed at me when I said to bomb the ISIS controlled oil fields. Now they are not laughing and doing what I said. 
Thank you  for giving me credit for my vision on bombing the oil fields. Should have been done long ago. 
Great honor to be inducted into the NJ Boxing Hall of Fame last night. Thank you! Timing could not have been better! .  Carly
. had to inject herself into my factual statements concerning Ben Carson in order to breathe life into her failing campaign!
. I only said I was on  four weeks ago with Putinnever said I was in Green Room. Separate piecesgreat ratings!
.  Ben Carson said in his own book that he has a pathological temper &amp; pathological disease. I didnt say it
. CarlyI did graduate from Wharton and did very well. Who is your fact checker? Will you apologize?
. Carly
_REPORT REUTERS 5-DAY ROLLING POLL TRUMP 34%
Happy Friday the 13th Thank you Iowa! I appreciate all of your support  &amp;  this evening!   First candidate in Virginia with over 16
I will be on  with  at 7PM. Tune in!

I will be on with  tonight at 6PM. 
Macys was very disloyal to me bc of my strong stance on illegal immigration. Their stock has crashed!  Thank you  for showing the  was wrong. So dishonest! From 2% to 27% in Texas - quite a jump into first place!
Wow
Total fool  is part of the Republican Establishment problem. An all talk

. and dopey Karl Rove made a mistake and purposely mischaracterized my statement on the terrible TPP deal.

Why does the failing  write a false editorial about me and let dummy  make the same mistake in the same edition of the paper?
. is a biased dope who wrote falsely about me re China and TPP. This moron wasted $430 million on political campaigns and lost 100%
We
Why wouldn't the  call for comment or clarification before writing an editorial which is so totally wrong. No wonder it is doing poorly!
When and how are the dummies at the  going to apologize to me for their totally incorrect Editorial on me. I want smart trade deals.
The  Editorial Board is so wrong
. Editorial Board should review my debate statement re China and T.P.P. and apologize. China not part but will get their way in later.
Today's  Editorial is WRONG again. I know that China is not in the new T.P.P. trade deal but would come in latter through a back door.
I will be interviewed on   at 730
All seven on-line polls
 I'm not convinced that any candidate other than  is committed to securing our borders. 
  You will bring out more voters to vote for you than we've seen in any election! Great.
 This 92-Year-Old Woman Registered to Vote Just to Cast a Ballot for Trump   RUBIO sat back during debate on Immigration hoping no 1 would ask him about Gang of 8. Will be interviewed by  tonight at 8 PM.
I will be on  at 8PM tonight. Tune in!
. Gerardwonderful job last night as moderator of the debate. I told many
I never said that China was in the bad TPP trade deal but that China would come in the back door at a later date.  
Just returned home from the great state of New Hampshire. Have made so many friends therespecial place!
Happy Veterans Day. To those who have served
Thank you _Joe &amp;   a great show!   Loved doing the debate...won Drudge and all on-line polls! Amazing evening
Will be on _Joe live from New Hampshire - 700 A.M. Talking about the debate and more!
  Keep up the good work
I will be on _Joe live from New Hampshire tomorrow at 7am.  
People Magazine Donald Trump Was Right He Gave SNL Its Best Ratings in Nearly 4 YearsPlus
Thank you South Carolina!  Thank you New Jersey!  Go out and buy CRIPPLED AMERICA How to Make America Great Again. Doing really well. Great Thanksgiving or Christmas present!
_aub  Funny all the real polls have  way ahead.
  Like him or hate him  runs a brilliant campaign for  !  Thank you!
    is Hillary's worst nightmare! Just take a look at Illinois rally last night.
 If the Trump Hotel Honolulu is any reflection how you would be as President then I think the U.S will be in good hands Thank you!
I will be interviewed by  on  at 700 A.M. There is much to talk about!
  Gives SNL Its Biggest Ratings In Years  Why  nailed SNL. My new column.  Donald Trump lifted  to its best ratings since 2012.    Trump helps SNL blow roof off the ratings
 DonaldTrump 'Saturday Night Live' episode garners highest viewership since 2012  Ratings were HUGE for 's appearance on Saturday Night Live -&gt;  Only one man has the appeal
   it's the only way we can make America great again.
  Exactly. Marco has no accomplishments.
       It shouldn't be ignored
_chris     Look when you try to kill Your mom
   OuTsTaNdInG!!! Is obvious that Jr. has much of his father's 'charisma' and intelligence!
  Thank you to 's Robert Rorke for the really nice review of . So many enjoyed it - very gratifying! Marco Rubio is totally weak on illegal immigration &amp; in favor of easy amnesty. A lightweight choker - bad for !
Marco Rubio couldn't even respond properly to President Obama's State of the Union Speech without pouring sweat &amp; chugging water. He choked!
Marco Rubio is a total lightweight who I wouldnt hire to run one of my smaller companies - a highly overrated politician!
A great evening in Springfield
Great job on  . Nobody could have done it better!
Thanks Piers. Greatly appreciated.   .  should listen. Ana Navarro has no talent
._McCaughey Thanks so much. Really appreciate your comments.  I will help the veterans like no one else.    Trump SNL Episode Generates Highest Ratings Since 2012 At the very least
Thank you to all of those who gave me such wonderful reviews for my performance on  Saturday Night Live. Best ratings in 4 years!
 Trump Is Ratings Gold For SNL Donald Trump Is Ratings Gold For SNL...  Ratings DonaldTrump lifted  to a near four-year high.  Chuck Schumer Sen Marco Rubio Is Totally Committed To Obamas Immigration Agenda   great job on SNL mr trump
 Trump Winery   you made SNL great again  
    was hilarious ty we so enjoyed it!   
  That's because people are interested in you
   HUUUUUGE
   Great job Donald! Good luck from Canada!
   . Highest rated Saturday Night Live in four years. 47% higher than their opening night with Hillary &amp; Miley Cyrus. Nice words
Television ratings for  Saturday Night Live just came out and they were great - the best since 2011. Very few protesters!
   You've got it going on!!! Nothing is boring or low energy about you. /TrumpNow 
At 1030 I will be interviewed on both  by  and  Face The Nation by John Dickerson. This after long evening!
I will be interviewed by   on    at 1000 A.M.
.  Will be interviewed by Jake Tapper at 900 A.M. Enjoy.
   Awesome time on Saturday Night Live Mr. Trump! Thanks for being YOU!   Thank you!
  You are a machine. Success leaves clues. 
. - So much fun last night!
 What a show. Thanks for watching
  you made SNL great again
  I am Hispanic - I am with you
  it was a great show!
  we need you elected tomorrow!
  Loved the show!
 Please stand up for American Hispanic families and fight illegal immigration it is destroying USA!   great show !!!   thanks donald great show
 We finally have a voice with   Lets do our part &amp; VOTE IN THE R PRIMARY 4     It was FANTASTIC!!
_ranzetta The books great     Loved the show! Best  in years! 
Will be on  at 800 A.M.
Amazing evening at Saturday Night Live!
I am at the Saturday Night Live Studio - electricity all over the place. We will be doing a tweeting skit
 I am working a   SHIFT BUT WILL STAY UP 2 WATCH! I COULD USE A SATURDAY NIGHT LIVE LAUGH! . Nice.
 If you like how  handled 
      You want them here legally and they want to be here legally!
      _e38forever  so let it be written
  use SNL to tell Hispanics you are for them 
  is performing
 From the last time Donald Trump hosted   The Boardroom Band.  Backstage with Trump.   Everyone loves  new look.   Cecily also has a Trump impression.  See you at Rockefeller Center.   We're live from Studio 8H tonight.    can't wait to watch.  for president  night live
_org  I haven't seen anyone carry themselves so Presidential since Reagan.  Great!
They are saying that tickets to tonight's Saturday Night Live are the hardest to get in the history of this great show! Off to a good start!
 Donald Trump is going to win the Presidency. Get on board the  its going to be   Thanks.
 Live from New York
 We unearthed Donald Trump's Vine account from 2013 and it's incredible Saturday Night Live has some incredible things in store tonight. The great thing about playing myself is that it will be authentic! Enjoy
. Please thank your brother for his nice words on television. Seems like a great guy and character! 
     I can't wait to watch snl tomorrow. A really big show!
One of the dumbest political pundits on television is Chris Stirewalt of . Wrong facts - check Fox debate rankings
 THIS IS WHY THE POLLS ARE WRONG! _Khan2 I am a lifelong democrat. And I will be voting trump! 
 One more day! Donald Trump hosts  with  tomorrow. Would be nice if  learned how to read the polls before writing his next story. Probably done on purpose
 has become a sad case. His magazine is failing badly
  don't let the Keystone Pipeline die. The US needs to be good neighbors with Canada
   Only Donald Trump can  Thank you!
Will be on  tonight. Signing a copy of Crippled America for Bill! So sad that Obama rejected Keystone Pipeline. Thousands of jobs
Happy Birthday to the great . He's done so many wonderful things
       IS CARSON HALLUCINATING? NOW LIES ABOUT WESTPOINT? _forbes2 DonaldTrump has built a lifetime reputation of doing what he says he will do. He keeps his promises.   Will be highest rated show ever
 GREAT Video. Which of these 4 Polls is Suspect? Kudos to   _wagaman94 Super excited to watch  tomorrow night on  
     and they kept Rand Paul on the main stage. Let's get Huck and Christie back.
    The  straw man candidate is falling apart!
    How anyone could see him as president baffles me. Lies and insane theories.
_   KEEP IT COMMING TRUMP!!!! People need to be warned about that Carson figure who is not who they think!
Getting ready for  commercial.   This is not good.     All Rep should stand with  Forget Bush
. Thank you so much for the nice words and supportreally enjoy listening to your ideas and thoughts.
I think it would be a good ideaand fairto include  &amp;  in the debate. Both solid &amp; good guys. 
Carson now admits his friend named Bob
With Ben Carson wanting to hit his mother on head with a hammer
Such bad reporting A puff piece on Ben Carson in the  states that Carson is trying to solidify his lead. But I am 
Florida Ethics Commission Advocate comes down hard on Rubio. So do two people who worked with him. Said he used the wrong credit card! Sure.
 .  Rubio is a Manchurian Candidate. People will own him if he ever became president.
 -huge lead in Reuters National poll  Marco Rubio can't even handle his own credit card how is he going to be able to handle the U.S. finances 
  it's about time we find a republican that can take on the democrats! _Sa  Interesting presidential race; Carson tries to beat his mom with a hammer
  Silent majority did not try to kill their mothers
A great honor to easily finish FIRST in the  poll tabulation even though some of my best polls were not used in determining winner!
 Wow . You openly LIE about who's ahead in the GOP race. Trump is LEADING in 99% of polls. Shameful... 
_org  Ivanka said it and you said it too
 TRUMP Supporters aren't Angry We're Smart ! We're Men / Women / Millennials / Politically Saavy   I love to see the respect you have shown to your parents
The Carson story is either a total fabrication or
_Girl MSM are LYING to you about Hispanics hating Trump. Here's the real deal!   Rubio lied about my meeting w/ Hispanic activists. I didnt change my opinion but treated them w/ respect. Shame! 

 _Khan2  poll numbers are higher then most think
  I just finished reading Crippled America. It's a detailed blueprint to get America back on track.
    No need
   JEB'S! Whole campaign is fueled by lies. Just like his brother lied about Iraq. BUSH DYNASTY=LIES
. should have corrected Jeb Bush when he said that I ran for president twice. Never ran
_Khan2  I am a lifelong democrat. And I will be voting trump!!!!   Great!
   What other candidate begins to rival Trump in his knowledge
 Why didn't  correct Jeb when he said  has run 4 president 2X B4~Jeb needs 2B corrected b/c he lied.
 Carson has the WORST health plan EVER re Soc Sec and Medicare.   He wants to abolish Medicare - no way!
Jeb Bush just said about Marco Rubio
Also
I will unveil my first campaign ads on _Joe at 630am tomorrow. Enjoy! 
Wow!  poll just came out.  with 26%! Almost as importantly
Just landed in New Hampshire - a very exciting morning planned!
Isn't it terrible that  used a poll not used before (I.B.D.) when I was down
     every single real American needs to read  ! Beyond awesome I couldn't be more thrilled
_smells  Just read ! Great book! I haven't felt this enthusiastic about  since 
 DONALD TRUMP-CRIPPLED AMERICA

  Crippled AMERICA is a must read. So right. Great job on another best seller.
 Republicans in Congress can learn a lot from  on dealing with Obama! They should read !
 Reading Crippled America ....feeling love for our country first
  on sending 50 Special Ops Forces troops to Syria This country needs to be less predictable.
  I can't wait to read your new book! We are supporting you here in Boise Idaho!
 Shooting promos for  with Cecily and . _Holtzworth  Sarah Palin Defends Donald Trump's Immigration Plan On Fox News  The Complete  Interview Getting Things Done   We finally have a voice with  
    This says it ALL. TRUMP 2016.  . He is a common sense powerhouse that gets things done! Excellent book!    DONALD TRUMP FULL INTERVIEW Fox and Friends (11-03-15)    I will be on  tonight at 10pmE talking about my new book  and much more!  
Marco Rubio would keep Barack Obamas executive order on amnesty intact. See article. Cannot be President. 


  The polls are for the news cycle. Trump is miles ahead and leaving all others in the dust
   Trump is the only one who can make America great again. Carson's sleepy
_org  Your performances in every state have been amazing! 
. is looking for a new puppet after Governor Walker and Jeb Bush cratered. He now likes Rubionext fail.
  I Trust  's polls They are actually really Fair and really balanced on all their news Iowa lead!
  been here in line for two hours already. reading book while waiting. I'll see you at noon!
  Book in hand waiting for The Next President _Pepper  is the only candidate speaking on the horrible treatment our vets are getting and he has solutions!
     Join me today
 BREAKING Latest poll of Florida voters shows enormous lead for Trump! He'd beat Hillary! I will be interviewed on  at 700 A.M. and  at 750. Talking about my new book
    this interview is great.
  Rubio is irresponsible on finances and doesn't show up for work! Who would hire him? Not the American People!
    Nope. Trump isn't taking 2 weeks off to promote his book. Trump is donating all to charity
     Great interview. Ranks just above the  interview.
 Read all about the Wollman deal and many other successful deals in The Art of the Deal by 
  Trump is our last chance to turn this country around 
   agreed Luisa.  WILL WIN! This is what he does!
  fantastic job with your interview with  today!
Join me tomorrow
My interview with  &amp;  at  airing at 5PM on . . used this poll (nobody else did) when I was downwonder if shell use it now that Im up? .  Why dont you use new polls instead of the single ancient national poll that was a tiny bit negative. Dishonest reporting!
Meet me at  and get your copy of my new book CRIPPLED AMERICA signed on 11/3 at 12pm! Thank you Carl Higbie (former Navy Seal) for you support of my plan to straighten out the Veterans Administration-a mess!Great job 
_world The MAN with a PLAN! Go Trump! We got your back! _Joe Online poll  'best to handle economy' by far  _Joe   DONALD TRUMP is the absolute WINNER!! You heads try to talk around him
._Joe Marco only won the debate in the minds of desperate people. I won every on-line poll
Sirius National News at 730 A.M. Steve Bannon. 
     WE ACCEPT THE BEST. We want Trump!
   I sure in the hell hope so. Trump please make this country great again.
_or_Rumor  It's not so much that Iran made a good deal
_Heel_73  We shouldn't be surprised.No leadership in the White House.Glad  will 
  America needs you to start your 8-year shift a bit early to start fixing this disaster.
_US RT     . We The People want Mr Trump       . We The People want Mr Trump to be our President!!! Now that Iran ripped us off by making one of the best deals of any kind in history
  9 years from now we will thank President Trump for making us great again! Thank you!
Thank you  for the nice
While in politics it is often smart to send out false messages
Join me Tuesday Nov. 3rd at 12 PM in  in NYC. I'll be signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Don't miss it!
If Jeb Bush were more competent he could not have lost the skirmish with Marco in the debate. BAD facts for Marco if properly delivered!
Marco Rubio will not win. Weak on illegal immigration
I told you in speeches months ago that Jeb and Marco do not like each other. Marco is too ambitious and very disloyal to Jeb as his mentor!
Jeb's new slogan - Jeb can fix it. I never thought of Jeb as a crook! Stupid message
Anybody that believes in strong borders and stopping illegal immigration cannot vote for Marco Rubio  READ THIS Further proof that Gang of Eight member Marco Rubio is weak on illegal immigration is Paul Singer's
 _is_w Anyway
_0000 [First Vote News Video | Mike Tyson Endorses Donald Trump for President] - _R_Mandela  And you're still a negative loser and Trump is still a positive winner. I'm Black and proudly voting TRUMP!
 Trump Leads GOP
 Watch FULL Speech Donald Trump MASSIVE Rally in Norfolk
Gov. John Kasich has really failed on the campaign trail. I thought he would have been far more talented. He is just wasting time &amp; money!
 MEDIA WANTS A PUPPET.WE WANT DONALD TRUMP TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
 Donald Trump Releases Plan to Reform Veterans Affairs - ABC News -  WATCH Donald Trump holds rally at USS Wisconsin in Virginia  TrumpOur educational sys is ranked  in the world-Get rid of  Watch LIVE and CHAT  WATCH LIVE Trump talks about treatment of veterans in Norfolk
 The Post's latest on Trump  This is the most focused Trump stump I've heard - really drilling down on vets issues here in Virginia.
.  John Oliver had his people call to ask me to be on his very boring and low rated show. I said NO THANKS Waste of time &amp; energy!
Few people know that   is still in business. Tell your writer  Alisa Soloman that I left The Apprentice to run for president
  Another STRONG pro-American position with Dept of Veterans Affairs reform policy.   Floridian here I quit watching debates years ago &amp; most TV except GATOR football until you decided to run for President
_in_NH   so true. In all previous debates
  saw this and had to share! He wants to be you! Love it!!!! U r his HERO!    Agree This is The Only Time  have been More involved in President Elections since Kennedy!!!
  I wouldn't be watching at all!!! Honestly!
  you were great in it!! Thanks!
  no one would have watched the debates if Trump had not  been in them
  has won all three debates and all that matters is that Trump supporters know that &amp; will vote Trump! THANKS!
   this coming election is THE MOST IMPORTANT PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION in my lifetime VOTE FOR TRUMP
  I wouldn't watch it at all if Mr. trump was not on it. See u on your book signing on 11/3. Trump all the way.
   No complaints but how many people would be watching these really dumb but record setting debates if I wasn't in them? Interesting question!
Thank you James Freeman of the  for the very nice words. All polls said I won the debate except NBC (3rd). Explain to Daniel Henninger!
 Support Coach Kennedy and his right
Just left Virginia where I unveiled my healthcare and other plans for our great Veterans! They will be very happy! . said such nice things about me during the debate that I thought I'd do his show
_favreau  Evangelicals don't like lairs. This Carson Mannatech video and story show be shown in Iowa   surges in Post-debate Poll! Trump puts US 1st and foremost       And its a Glorious Fall Day in Norfolk!! Knock'em dead Donald! Thanks!
  DO A FLYOVER  USS WISCONSIN!  Cool idea
The  Wall Street Journal loves to write badly about me. They better be careful or I will unleash big time on them. Look forward to it!
Lifting off right now for U.S.S. Wisconsin in Norfolk. See ya'
I told you so- just lost it's top person. Poor results and no money to pay him. If they were legit
I am leaving for Norfolk
I see Marco Rubio just landed another billionaire to give big money to his Superpac
The new NBC POLL has me in first place but said I was third in the debate - I demand a recount (just kidding!). EVERY other poll had me .
Black Lives Matter protesters totally disrupt Hillary Clinton event. She looked lost. This is not what we need with ISIS
 So true! Vote  and have America greatness back to where it belongs  The United States of America.
 We need a REAL change.  you are the only1who can stand up&amp; .
I am going to save Medicare and Medicaid
When candidate John Kasich
 Donald Trump I Think Obama Hates Israel _Chick Trump Rights Ship on Immigration Demands Disney Rehire Workers Replaced by Cheap Foreign Labor.  Arizona polls for Democrats only say they would prefer Donald Trump over Hillary Clinton 60%
  I LOVE watching Donald Trump in action. Free education. Just watch and learn. LOVE IT.  Nice.
 . on his (naked) young and carefree days and pal Donald Trump  Who had the best Donald Trump Halloween costumeKelly Ripa
  you are always many steps ahead of the game! Thank you.
      Trump is the closest thing to Gen.Patton that we will ever see again. Cool!
      Mike Huckabee is a very nice gentleman and yes Donald you raised wonderful children
  Mr. Trump do you swear to provide for
. Great job on  tonight. Thanks for your nice words about my children. Class!
   Would be AWESOME moderators for next debate   
_Votes Everyone under 10% in polls should DROP OUT and support TRUMP  _chris DonaldTrump
Happy Birthday to my friend ...Via The Political Insider Donald Trump Just Received The Best News Possible!

Donald Trump Leads Polls in Florida

Super PACs should be disavowed by anyone running for President. They are a total scam on our system and country! I am self-funding.
Thank you  for your wonderful words. We will 
Happy Birthday to my wonderful daughter
Thank you _Joe for explaining to  and  and so many others that I am leading in almost all national &amp; state polls.
  Rubio an orator/liar like Obama but totally unqualified. Rubio visa bill did NOT protect American workers. See Disney.
 The only way anybody's gonna beat Trump is being better than he is.~ on .
Thank you  for  the nice words on . I will win and Make America Great Again!
Loved doing the debate last night on . Check out all of the polls! Everyone agrees that Harwood bombed!
Wow
My interview on  with  had a 40%+ ratings increase over same Sunday last year. 20% over last week.
Post-Debate via . Thank you!


I was  on Twitter  and so positive. Thank you! Join me Tuesday
 Another WIN!   The One
  I sleep better at night knowing u will soon be POTUS!  I'm not even american and I want to see  win! A person like him is going to set a new standard for world leaders!
   Good job Mr. Trump. The way you respond shows that you truly are ready to be the next US president! 
  hell of a job
 People need to wake up Mr. Trump. You are the most qualified person to ever run for President Of The United States. 
  _REPORT We need a wall not a Rubio
  This country needs an unscripted hero like The Donald...    Thank you.
. Congratulations and good luck - you will do a GREAT job for our wonderful U.S.A.!
  We Support You! And Believe that your America's Hope  Thanks.
Failing host 
_Johnson_TJ  you have my vote in my first election great debate last night keep up the good work!  Thanks.
Via  Who won the ? CNBC poll Trump won    Thank you!   Dipshit  lied debate always being set for 2 hours If not 4  calling  out.
_Trump  _REPORT YES!
_REPORT TRUMP WINS CNBC INSTANT POLL; RUBIO SECOND... DEVELOPING...   Stay strong and get ready for next debate. Great job last night.
 Once again haters gonna hate...hands down  will always be   
  Trump good for legal immigration
 DonaldTrump turned a $1 Million loan into $10 Billion. That's like you turning a $1
      Thank you to everybody for your wonderful comments on my debate performance - it was a lot of fun! Today I will be speaking in Reno
 One thing I learned from   Sometimes the best deals are the deals you never make We will have strong deal makers
   by the time you're done everyone will be wearing a Trump tie
  they should just let you be president already
  keep you're momentum until you win over the White House
  you have inspired us to 
   good job for Christie last night.Maybe he will face her 8 yrs from now after 
      IS TRUTH! We want ! 
Thank you  and   for all of your nice words and comments on the debate!
 62% said that  won  Debate Vote your stand   Gravis Marketing Poll  leading. The money losing  is considered by many in the world of politics to be the dumbest and most slanted of the political sites. Losers!
  came out as a clear winner in the polls yet again! Next  we need max 5 candidates
 100%  SUPPORTERS ARE TRUE BLUE and we are MOTIVATED!  Good Night all supporters. Great night Mr 
 The  poll closed with  declared the official winner.
  showing why he should be our next President. Tremendous Debate. Winning all the post Debate polls.
 You were very poised and professional at the debate. You looked Presidential tonight. Hit a homerun 
Drudge Poll on who won the 3rd . Thank you! Thank you Colorado! An honor to win    Poll. Thank you
  Congrats Mr. Trump. You did great tonight. You made us ALL proud ) YES! SAYING IT AGAIN....Trump 
  GREAT debate
   WE ALL VOTED FOR YOU TONIGHT AS WINNER OF THE DEBATE..
Thanks
The  poll closed with  declared the official winner. Thank you! Thank you!  


Thanks everyone
Via  Trump still in the lead by a whopping 14 points after fluke survey had put Carson on top-    Love your sense of humor...LOL Your rallies are amazing. We're standing behind you 1000%) 
  POLL  TOTAL TRUMP 25.22  CARSON 19.78  RUBIO 9.67....
. Poll
I'm sure the media will not report the highly respected new national poll that just came out via The Economist. 32%!    why only Donald Trump can beat Hillary.   The Liberals are terrified that you'll be the one to go against Hillary.
     get your polls straight. Trump is going to win. He is the only one tough enough to run this country.
  is trying to drive down poll numbers to install Carson - who the Establishment GOP will promptly roll. Win Don Win!
Does anybody think that  will get their fictitious  polling numbers corrected sometime prior to the start of the debate. Sad!
  _Joe  I watched the entire rally and Trump was very well received the place was packed.
._Joe can you believe Kasie Hunt's poor and purposely inaccurate reporting on my great night and crowd in Iowa.  is a scam!
. continues to report fictious poll numbers. Number one
After a great evening and packed auditorium in Iowa
 Debate night!  is behind you 5000%  National Lead TRUMP 35.6% CARSON 21.7%   good morning. Easy on each other &amp; finish off the establishment guys. They hope you 2 will fight it out.True
  Via the Washington Post Inside the World of Donald Trump's Super Fans  DonaldTrump's and BenCarson's support up since Sept as they head into tomorrow's         A lot of people I know are voting Trump in NC none have been polled your lead is bigger than anyone can imagine.
_damron   This Hispanic woman believes Trump has the brains &amp; energy to Make America Great Again.
.  How many MSM outlets will carry a clip of  leaving the podium to enter a crowd &amp; listen to the concerns of a VET?
Thank you Iowa! Great night-see you soon!  _tabibi Loved seeing  speak to the wounded warrior &amp; his family.He has a caring heart and will take care of our vets
Via the Washington Post Inside the World of Donald Trump's Super Fans Just out


  At least the real frontrunner is actually campaigning in Iowa and not on book tours. TRUMP 2016!
   composite national poll   ...   WTG
I am leaving for Sioux City
National GOP Presidential Poll via   35.6%  Trump's National Lead Increases to 35.6% Going into the Third GOP Debate it's Trump
Thank you  for the wonderful story.   

New Gravis national poll just out - 36%! Very nice! 
     Why not post the other polls where Trump has 40 percent and Carson is in the teens? Strange?
 I agree  hasn't be right about anything in a very long time. Shocking that _Joe gives him a platform.
   I'm voting for  too.  Thanks.
 Mike Tyson endorses    Looking forward to seeing you in Reno Nevada this Thursday! Nevada stands with you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Nice.
  I'm 18 years old from Florida
 Thanks to  for giving great attention to the Town of Atkinson at  w/   There shouldn't be a problem with this election. WE THE PEOPLE finally have someone that speaks on OUR behalf. TRUMP-2016
 How is any one taking Carson seriously when he suspends his presidential campaign for a book signing tour?
Dopey 
 Watch my appearance on the  from this morning All Presidential candidates should immediately disavow their Super PACs. They're not only breaking the spirit of the law but the law itself
Re Super PAC scam  What the other candidates are doing is a disgrace.
This whole Super PAC scam is very unfair to a person like me who has disavowed all PAC's &amp; is self-funding.
 I voted 4 Reagan to make America Great. I will vote 4  to    Good job  for badgering Ford. Why didnt POTUS or Hillary care about those UAW jobs in Ohio?
_heck  . The more I hear Trump the more I like him!
      Ben Carson wants to abolish Medicare - I want to save it and Social Security.
 on TODAY  moderates  town hall
Leaving for New Hampshire now. Will be doing the  there
An aerial shot of Jacksonville crowd yesterday! I may as well show you because the media won't. 

Remember that Carson
  Bush appears to be low on cash may need to do drop out or perhaps get a loan from Hillary.
      CAPTIVATES CROWDS WITH STIRRING SPEECH      Donald Trump will be our next President of the United States.
 TO ALL MY CALIFORNIA TRUMP SUPPORTERS! Lets join up and work together on Twitter! Lets do this!!!   !
  Gentle Ben is no match for Putin or if the truth be told even for Hilary. USA needs a winner.
Do you think I will get credit for keeping Ford in U.S. Who cares
Word is that Ford Motor
 Wow
   Latest Poll shows Donald Trump winning 70% of Electoral Vote Against Hillary Clinton!   Bad position for Jeb
     WAY ahead in all the polls that matter. TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT
    OMG! Carson is more LOW KEY than Jeb!! Tried to watch him
     We R here FIGHTING for you DJT! You are the only person who can  
 Mitt Romney finally takes the credit he deserves for    this Mexican here loves you man!! Keep doing your thing   Great!
      TRUMP is Unstoppable      Thank you.
  needs to drop out your
     Florida Loves Trump !!! We had a ball in Jacksonville Saturday! 
.  Great numbers from  Poll. Also from ABC-Washington Post Poll. Thank you!  
Do you believe that  is still playing up the old Iowa poll numbers and no mention of the ABCWashington Post or just out CBS results?
. Poll - WOW!  New Hampshire  TRUMP 38% CARSON 12% BUSH 8%  South Carolina TRUMP 40% CARSON 23% CRUZ 8% Iowa TRUMP 27% CARSON 27%
Watch my interview on  Face The Nation now and
    Carson is not a nice guy. He knows his SuperPAC throws Mud on Trump 24/7 
_fournier . rightly denounces Super PAC-driven campaign $ system. Another example of how DC deserves this guy Great!
   Trump is the smartest of all. My comment is non partisan. I heard everybody n im on Trump side.
 Your a gentlemen Ben but not our next President
Big poll comes out today on Face The Nation at 1030 on .
Watch  at 900 A.M. . Then interviewed on   at 1000 A.M. and then
Ben Carson has never created a job in his life (well
I spell out some of the differences between Ben Carson and myself at 900 A.M. on  . Ben is very weak on illegal immigration.
A big POLL will be announced this morning on   Face The Nation. I wonder if I do well if the press will report the results? Doubt it
  AUSTRALIA SUPPORTS DONALD TRUMP. Please immigrate to Australia and make Aussie great as well. Cute!
 20 Reasons Why It Should Be Donald Trump in 2016 This is just not the right time for Jeb Bush. His campaign is in total disarray
 Doug Ross  Journal AWESOME Donald Trump Blessed by Black
I will be doing a major sit down interview on State of the Union With Jake Tapper at 900 A.M. on . Enjoy!
    Can ANY Democrat or Republican fix this country except Trump? NOT A CHANCE!!  
 Trump has figured out Jeb Bush's greatest weakness as a candidate
 Trumpachusetts Donald Trump Tops Poll of Bay State Voters  Donald Trump is the only person that can make this country great again  I fully agree!
 They ALL Want Jobs and a Bright Future. They KNOW Donald Trump is the one and only choice to make that A REALITY!
 Donald Trump Leads in Expectations
 has no money
While Jeb Bush is cutting staff and salaries
 20 Reasons Why It Should Be Donald Trump in 2016  Democrats seem to be more interested in Donald Trump than Hillary Clinton.
 TRUMP JEB BUSH HAS NO MONEY
. is slashing campaign salaries
. had a tiny 300 person crowd at Senator Tim Scott's forum. I had thousands
. is totally lost  he spends too much time managing the bloated staff of his campaign &amp; not enough talking about America's future.
Expecting a great crowd of amazing people. Questions will be live! 
I will be doing the  live from New Hampshire at 7am on Monday morning. 
Will be doing a sit down interview with    on Sunday morning at 900. Tough questions and hopefully very good answers!
Just finished speaking in Jacksonville
Saying goodbye to some of my great workers at  in Miami. Leaving for Jacksonville now. See you there! Miami was great.
Massive crowds already forming in Jacksonville - will be and incredible day - 12 noon!  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
 Donald Trump to host Saturday Night Live  YouGov National Poll  Donald Trump Continues To Dominate Field With All Demographics. The Last Refuge  A surprising number of Republicans think Donald Trump is their best hope in 2016 _Leers Hillary Clinton is a deceitful career politician
 Never thought Id SayDonald Trump is a Giant Among Gop front runners cruz=devil  rubio=RAGE AGAINST WOMEN carson=JUST TELL ME WHY
Crowd was amazing tonight at Trump National Doral in Miami. Love and excitement in the ballroom. Tomorrow at noon in Jacksonville!
So nice of - greatly appreciated! Remember
 Can't wait for you to take the White House. Our country will once again be strong!  Sorry JebBush
     Trump blows them all away! He's our next president! 
 Donald Trump Hands Fox News Sunday Its Biggest  In 6 Years  For Donald Trump
  Thanks for standing for Vets Take care of those that give so much
The young intern who accidentally did a Retweet apologizes.
Joe
  Hillary is doing a HORRIBLE job at  reading from the script.  . She is no leader

Trump Nears 100 days on Top via The Hill _pete  people are for you  keep up the good work and we will win this and 
 WOW! The More Opponents Push The Higher The  Reach! Keep Pushing DEMS And Jealous GOPs! Can u believe that Jeb Bushs campaign manager is in Berlin
_am__tyler   I can promise you the only reason I watched the democrat's debate is because of 
I think Joe Biden made correct decision for him &amp; his family. Personally
The great workers who just completed the skylight at Trump International Hotel
. was just voted the  hotel in Canada in Conde Nast Travelers prestigious Readers Choice Awards

New poll by ABC News/Washington Post  TRUMP 32  CARSON 22  RUBIO 10  BUSH 7  Wow
 Rasmussen  now beats  38%-36% nationally I will be interviewed on  Good Morning America at 700 A.M.  will be announcing new poll numbers. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Just out Boston Herald/Franklin Pierce Poll  N.H.  TRUMP 28 (up 10)  CARSON 16  BUSH 9  RUBIO 6  CRUZ 5  Press will say they are surging!
. at 700 A.M.
    Never been so excited about voting for a candidate since I voted for Reagan
 Donald Trump still dominating all polls
  You were so much better than Jeb on Hannity. So Great and presidential. I'm happy this was discussed.
 I have never loved a candidate as much as I love 
   well said. We the people want the truth. We the people want to make America great again.
     There you go! Everyone loves Donald Trump bcuz he's the real thing
_athman  first time I can ever vote and you've got mine! I want to make America great again!!!  FANTASTIC!
 We are looking forward to meeting you at your rally in Burlington
 The establishment can try all they want to keep  from winning. They are not stronger than we the people!!
  Donald keep fighting - you are the only hope for America!
_sayavong Your opponents have no idea what they're dealing with. Sun Tzu would be very proud. You are a tactical genius. 
. you were GREAT on  tonight. Thank you for the nice words!
I will be interviewed on  Good Morning America tomorrow at 700 A.M. Big new ABC poll coming out - I hope I do well!
   Trump is the only candidate that I've ever been excited about 
   Now they are All saying Donald really Could Be President! I Knew This from Start! We ALL must work together!
. at 1000.
 Our new President will provide something we've never had before.  even if it hurts.      hits his highest poll number yet; 
    Trumps new VA plan will solidify Vets. Support of Trump  I love the VETS.
.  Had my best day ever in the polls
I will be interviewed on  tonight at 1000. You will find it very interesting (I hope). Enjoy!
    no magic just cut off USA aid money to Mex until cost is recovered.Simple really
Both Aberdeen and Turnberry in Scotland
Donald Trump tops Franklin-Pierce/Herald poll at 28 percent in N.H.  Lots of great new pollsbig leads!  
I will be on  tonight at 10 PM . 
Bill Clinton wants to   Many Hispanics agree with  on enforcing the border Trump for President  Since late July 2015
 Had to join Twitter for the first time just to support Donald  . TRUMP 2016 Great!
 I think America had enough of the faking and is ready for someone REAL just look at .
_beach_bum Great job  you slayed Mr. Sanchez with the  thx 4 defending  Tonight's official count7
See
Via  Under Fire From Donald Trump

Interesting reading re September 11th NEW POLL Trump Blue Collar Support highest since FDR in 1930sWOW! 

Bruce Willis wearing my hat on  last Friday- Jeb is fighting to defend a catastrophic event. I am fighting to make sure it doesn't happen again.Jeb is too soft-we need tougher &amp; sharper
It's really cold outside
 Our passion for  is amazing! _elsa      HISPANICS UNITED TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN     why would I watch ANYONE who trusted THIS GUY with nuclear codes?   Hey  &gt; FLASHBACK Jeb Bush Admitted Leaky Immigration Led to 9/11  We finally have a voice with !   
    i don't care if she jumps on the train .be gr8 if she were just FAIR and BALANCED
 Link of the day! Most popular link among people I follow is  The problem is  was a weak establishment candidate who couldn't even turn out the base. Weak at best!
    why does Fox even talk to Will? He is clueless and doesn't represent what our party is about.
_67   Been boycotting her since 1st debate Mr. Trump and so have plenty of other decent people. Ratings R going down
     George is full of Crap SC Element TV's Are CHINESE MADE.   Good interview with Chris! Chris even gave you a thumbs up for POTUS
 The Definition of a Pretentious Establishment Henchman is  . He is such a sourpuss
Best thing my supporters can do if you don't like the way  and her puppets unfairly treat us is don't watch her show!
   So far this is one of the BEST interviews with Trump.!!
   I'm watching it again right now in California
   Can't wait for  to jump on the TRUMP Train as Chris Wallace just did!  Won't happen!
  We want Donald !! Yah next president!    We will all MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
  Great interview!  Thanks
   A must see. Trump is brilliant. as usual !!!!   
   Pampered  who never had a real job has no problem w/USA losin jobs 2 foreign countries 
   It was Excellent interview sir. May watch it again.  Trump 2016
   Sir. Chris Wallace believes that you can be elected president.Great Great news for America! 
  THANK YOU for speaking out against Common Core and how horrible it is for kids!
 Again SNL (10/17) exposes CarlyFiorina as failed CEO
   So far this is one of the BEST interviews with Trump.!!  Thank you.
  we were attacked on ur brothers watch. That's not safe. I have respect 4 GW but truth is no WMD in Iraq &amp; 911
   The TV's made in SC are Element Electronics Come on guys.  is right  
   is correct u can't allow 1 woman 2 fain luv of house 2 get more $$$ holding up huge 's of jobs.
    . Chris this is awesome what an interview. Go donald
Fox News Sunday With Chris Wallace will be re-broadcast on   at 600 P.M.
 I believe  can make AMERICA GREAT again    _2008  Jeb is no conservative in my book. Common core is a disaster.
_2008  Quit Jeb Quit. Your poll is even lower than your apprentice Rubio. 
  Can't Stump the Trump
  Donald Trump is the only candidate for middle class America   
    GW Bush was open borders like . TERRORISTS CAN COME ACROSS MEXICAN BORDER AT WILL!
 An Incredibly Strong Interview Of  
   Couldn't have said it
  Dude
 Read this DJT full-p ad from 1989 and tell me DonaldTrump is a Johnny-Come-Lately fake conservative 's right. Trump on 9/11 happening on Bush's watch With my immigration policy
Just reported by CNN that the Trump halo effect  caused a record-shattering Democratic Debate rating of 15.3 million viewers. So true!
It's amazing that some of the dumbest people on television work for the Wall Street Journal
   LOVED the brutal zinger against the Wall Street Journal!!!
   LOVED the brutal zinger against the Wall Street journal!!!
I will be interviewed by Chris Wallace at 200 P.M. on  - Turn off the football for 15 minutes
Replay of Fox News Sunday With Chris Wallace at 200 P.M. on . Big statement made by Chris!
  I don't think  will cave. They've seen ratings soar with  and Money matters!
_seaman  Trump wins
  Get a life George Will. USA doesn't make anything anymore. TRUMP will bring manufacturing Back to USA!
I should release the sad and totally apologetic letter that Penn  hand delivered to me. Minds would be changed very fast!
 never thought I'd say this but  sparking a critical conversation on reality that Bush didn't keep US safe
  One of the best interviews I have seen!  
    Joe have U resigned to the inevitable? Take UR seat on the    Chris Wallace After my interview and listening to his answers
    Of course they're going up! Trump is going to WIN this!!   Thanks.
_alex  is what we need to fix this mess!  Im only 11 but my parents are voting for Trump!
_iowagirl20   just admitted DonaldTrump will probably be the Republican nominee!  
Does everyone remember    and his famous remarks about self-deportation and 47%. He was done. I don't need his angry advice!
. and his campaign manager should not be critical of candidates after they blew an election that should never have been lost!
.  can only speak negatively about my presidential chances because I have been openly hard on his terrible choke loss to Obama!
  Loving  interview.   Thank you.
.
Jeb
This morning Chris Wallace has the best political show on television - but that's only because I'm on it (kidding)! Have fun.
Jeb Bush should stop trying to defend his brother and focus on his own shortcomings and how to fix them. Also
On at 900A.M. or 1000 A.M. (depending on your location)  on Fox is a tough but really good interview with Chris Wallace. Enjoy!
 Donald Trump is so far ahead in two key state polls.  Amazing! Thank you!


 Some of you already know. I have made the Jump to Trump. Donald Trump is the man that will win the GOP.  I was with you in Tyngsboro
 Jeb and Marco OWE IT to their contributors to admit they have NO CHANCE of winning
  At happy hour tonight in Charleston
Good news for those that want to Make America Great Again - I am winning every poll in every STATE and NATIONAL - and by big numbers! Thanks
_saulino   Jeb supports open borders-common core- Visa H-IB Visa's for illegals. Super PAC Saudis.
I will be interviewed on Fox News Sunday With Chris Wallace at 900 A.M. or 1000 A.M. (depending on location). Will be tough but good!
 NYPost gets it
A great story in the New York Post -really well written!

Russia and the world has already started to respect us again!

Via Business Insider Donald Trump's Poll Dominance in 2 Key States is Mind-Blowing- Via CNET Donald Trump Bests Jeb Bush in Website Performance
. is on the front page of the  waving to 200 people in New Hampshire. My crowd next door was 5
Thank you  for your very honest commentary. One thing

.
   Thank You Police Force for your efforts of Protecting Donald Trump We Love You For This
.
No 
 I've never seen a candidate as dominant in early states as  .

In Massachusetts - the place is packed! 
Heading to Boston to see another huge crowd! My friend Tom Brady is a great competitor and golf partner. Rumor has it that the grubby head of failing  Magazine
A great new poll-33%! Nice story from  .  Keep up the great work Scottie. Polls are best ever!
 Hahahahahahaha...love it!     Choo choo...all aboard! )   _jkmorgan     Totally agree! Great Father with a great family - winning combination at life.Thanks
  _combrink Well
  the truth prevails when it is so obvious.  is a force that is unstoppable
_ABADDON    Matt will vote for Trump i just know he will !
   Grt interview
. was FANTASTIC on  this morning. He may be my son but he is a special guy!
. has just agreed that the debate will be TWO HOURS. Fantastic news for all
_combrink  Karl Rove still thinks Romney won. Why is he still on TV?
 Did you also hear Megyn say Carson is the front-runner ...according so some polls ..tied in other polls OUTRIGHT LIE!  Hatred!
 Donald
Every poll
. is a failed Bush speechwriter whose work was so bad that he has never been able to make a comeback. A third rate talent!
Megyn Kelly has two really dumb puppets
   is what we millennials need. I used to support that socialist from VT
        is in the tank for Bush we are tired of the establishment
  Has lived the American dream and has inspired MILLIONS! He will  for ALL of us.
 .Met  a few years back. DonaldTrump is wise to enlist his daughter's help. She's a throughly impressive person.
Will be on  tomorrow with . Enjoy!
Why is the  being asked to do a debate that is so much longer than the just-aired and very boring ?
. is pushing the  around by asking for extra time (and no criteria) in order to sell more commercials.
The  should not agree to the ridiculous debate terms that  is asking unless there is a major benefit to the party.
. joined    &amp; was asked about his thoughts on   Thanks Kevinso nice!
A great day in New Jersey for Trump! Signing my tax return.... I'm very proud of my daughter Ivanka. Great interview.   Incredible crowd in Richmond
  with another great speech today with another huge crowd!!!!! We love you Trump!!!! 
Just did . Will be back on at 11pm on .
  is in it to win it.
 I swear
 RT  . I have thousands of Hispanics working for me &amp; they like me very much. CNN Poll just out on South Carolina  great  . did an excellent job of hosting the  last night. Tough
CNN/ORC Poll results just out for NevadaWOW! Trump 38

Steven Tyler got more publicity on his song request than hes gotten in ten years. Good for him!
Even though I have the legal right to use Steven Tylers song
Will be going to Richmond
The debate last night proved that Hillary is running against the B team. She wont be so lucky when it comes to me!
We need a strong leader- and fast!  was really boring but had a lot of fun live tweeting and picked up by far the most followers.
Like her or not
The latest book on HillaryWow
 Dem debate message summary = More free handouts. They will be voting in droves. We need to get out and vote Trump BIG TIME!
  Thank goodness  is over. Not impressed... TRUMP2016!!! 
   sucess of Mr Trump is another success of america 2015
  I cannot wait to see you debate these clowns    
  they make Jeb Bush look like the energizer bunny  
Check out OAN and compare to what you are watching now!
  100
  OMalley destroyed Maryland..  True
  watching OAN great speech calling out super pacs and media in Norcross
  Thank you for ALWAYS REMEMBERING America's veterans!
 These 5 make  look like Winston Churchill   Cute!
   his commentary is making an otherwise shitty night outstanding  Thanks.
 After  poor performance
Notice that illegal immigrants will be given ObamaCare and free college tuition but nothing has been mentioned about our VETERANS 
Sanders said only black lives matter - wow! Hillary did not answer question!
_am__tyler I can't wait for  to debate one of these clowns! All are so weak!
_org The only winner of the  is .  This is not a great debate - a little sad!
   isn't on the stage
 How amazing is it that the  trending topic is  talking about the -more than the debate itself
   Why did Hillary get to skate past the Do Black Lives Matter  Anderson let her off hook!
 I want a president who believes all lives matter and that is why we need .
Sorry
Good move by Bernie S.
The hardest thing Clinton has to do is defend her bad decision making including Iraq vote
All are very scripted and rehearsed
 I couldn't even imagine the bloodbath that would ensue if the  debated any one of these five jabronis
 Yada yada...It's a bore fest... Best part of this is Trumps tweets!    Thanks.
  I joined Twitter tonight just to hear Mr.Trump tweet about this silly debate.
 Webb is trying to be  and its not working.  He is not doing well!
 This is one of the most dysfunctional debates I've seen in my lifetime. 
  I love that NO group can buy 
Who is winning the debate so far (just last name)? 
  we need Donald Trump to make America great again !!!   Thanks!
  I cannot stop yawning...Twitter is more interesting. 
   Support the NRA more then ever
  not watching debate....just your tweets  Nice!
  why is Webb there??
 Joined twitter tonight JUST to follow along with  and . Lets make America great again! 
  Sure you are laughing listening to these 5 try and explain how business and the economy works. Scary!
  I think  and  are supposed to be on this stage
 On our 25th anniversary my husband and I are happily staying in to watch  and read  comments.
 . These cats are like bad used car salesmen.
 Why do we have to be tortured by watching these clowns! Have the election tomorrow!  
   if you got rid of commercials you would have nothing worth watching
_Gabe I miss  
O'Malley
Can anyone imagine Chafee as president? No way.
   Make America Great Again!! Would not even watch Dem debate except Donald is tweeting about it!
 . was right... is boring  these ppl are so scripted  So far!
The trade deal is a disaster
  imagine Chafey standing up to Putin
  Webb is OUT!!  Bad opening!  
  Good luck commenting on this snooze fest
 
Get rid of all of these commercials. 
Putin is not feeling too nervous or scared.   
    I'm watching now and will watch the entire debate while reading Trump's Tweets. Grab the popcorn
  where are you? I'm already getting bored and it hasn't even started 
 My tv is off
   The  interview tomorrow on  will have better ratings than the  
We will all have fun and hopefully learn something tonight. I will shoot straight and call it as I see it
     We need Trump Now!!!  Make America Great Again!
_mkmdca     following Donald is beautiful. If it's not beautiful it's not Donald So nice!
  they need to take the debate slow
 The Hillary love fest on CNN is ridiculous. I feel bad for the other candidates...especially the non-criminal ones.
  I'd rather see  be the debate moderator!
Should be interesting but too bad the three guys at1% will be taking up so much time -  but who knows
 Will  be tough as they were with  ?  No way
 . will be live-tweeting the      can't wait for his insightful &amp; intelligent tweets. You sound like a very smart person!
   If  wins Barry Diller will move out of country. Sounds like a win
Live from New York- November 7th!  It was just announced that I will be hosting Saturday Night Live on Nov. 7th   look forward to it! ExclusiveDavi Trump
How can Jeb Bush expect to deal with China
So nice
Everybody's talking about my doing twitter during the likely very boring debate tonight.  
Very honored Trump Is Tops As Clinton Drops In Connecticut Primaries

 I can't wait for  live tweets during Dem debate tonight. Won't watch debate but will watch Trump's Twitter
    can't wait for his insightful &amp; intelligent tweets.  Will be so much better than CNN!
 Will  be tough as they were with  ? Not sure..The arrogant young woman who questioned me in such a nasty fashion at No Labels yesterday was a Jeb staffer! HOW CAN HE BEAT RUSSIA &amp; CHINA?
Sheldon Adelson is looking to give big dollars to Rubio because he feels he can mold him into his perfect little puppet. I agree!
   _Joe  Surely you read reports that woman at no labels event was a pol. operative?
_Reddit That feminist who called out Trump last night? She's a Jeb intern. _padraic Get the popcorn
 Dan Rather Donald Trump Could Be Our Next President Someone should inform  that
At the request of many
   Sorry link above not working. Here's good link _Votes California Gov. Jerry Brown signs bill allowing illegals right to VOTE using drivers lic.ID. 
 . Sickening attempt. I hope . jumps another 10 points.       You Can't Stump the Trump _saulino   Syrian Muslims escorted into U.S. through Mexico. Now arriving to Oklahoma and Kansas! Congress?
  Great Fox interview  
   time we had a businessman in the WH
    Another great interview. You were point on .... As good as it gets!  Thanks!
 That young girl asking if she'll have control over her own body looked like she was planted there!  
_lee1    Looking forward to a great interview with a great interviewee and a great interviewer!
Will be interviewed by  on  at 10PM tonight. Enjoy!
Thank you. Via RealClear Politics    doing a great job in New Hampshire today ! 
Leaving soon after a great time in New Hampshire
Great
President Obama was terrible on  tonight. He said CLIMATE CHANGE is the most important thing
 . praises good guy Trump and his upstanding and grounded kids  . was calling out Paul Ryan for his entitlement plans back in 2011  Tuesday's Democratic debate is missing just one thing Donald Trump.  True
I will be on Face The Nation (CBS) today at 1030 A.M. and Media Buzz (Fox News) at 1100 A.M. Enjoy!
_Goodrich They used to call Barry Diller the father of e-commerce-what a joke that was - and that he is. 100%clueless on Internet
Just got back from Georgia. The crowds and love for U.S. was so amazing! We all had a great day together - will be back soon!
Little Barry Diller
Via Breitbart - Riding High in Polls Donald Trump Storms the American South to Overflow Crowds in Georgia

With the fantastic ratings last weekend
Will be interviewed on  with  tomorrow at 1030am EST. Enjoy!
My interview with  on  will air tomorrow on  at 11am and 5pm. Great job Howie
. with  had fantastic numbers last Sunday - Trump interview. Nice!
Thank you Georgia! I had a great afternoon with all of you! I will be back soon.  . just informed us that my interview last week on  was their highest rated show in 4 years. Congrats!
I'm leading big in every poll and we are going to WIN! Remember
Paul Ryan is far from my first choice
 People are writing tribute songs for Donald Trump    She represents how thousands of us feel. You have the BEST supporters BAR NONE! 
 . biggest Hispanic fan Hes my perfect man _gorham  Go President Trump! Many Canadians up here are behind you... totally!       The next generation will be better off because Trump was in the Oval Office!
 Please don't ever give up. This country is in such a mess and needs a non-politician to fix it. 
  Trump keep fighting the fight for America
  ATL LOVES TRUMP!!!  Thanks!
Heading for Atlanta tomorrow morning for noon speech at North Atlanta Trade Center. Big crowds
Will be interviewed on Media Buzz with Howie Kurtz on Fox
Great Gravis Poll on the great state of NH. Also
MarkThey could use you.  Good luck to the US Mens National Team in tomorrows CONCACAF Cup vs. Mexico!  It should be a great game!  New Gravis Poll in NH just out  Trump 32%
Crowd gathers to hear Trump speech in Las Vegas  Keep the faith. Elect  and there will be no more sanctuary cities. and very few illegals.
 With this month's 224-page  book Crippled America
Thank you.   MSM cut off intro of Trump in LV where we were told he just gave $20 million to St. Jude's Charity _rudyru  I'm Hispanic &amp;  has my vote! And a lot of other Hispanics here in the Borderland! 
  yeah
True. Thanks.  Thanks.   Trump won the crowd yesterday curious to see how many are changing their registrations from Democrat to Republican??
I will be going to Atlanta
I will be interviewed on  Sunday 10AM on CBS.  is a true pro!
    the book to read is Time to get Tough making America great again. Thanks.
Thanks Larry. Best wishes.  Good luck! Enjoy.    on  There is nothing Trump does that doesn't work for him.
  Thank you for taking on the   Establishment.They don't know what to do
   you were fantastic yesterday in Las Vegas - a great event. Passionate people. Keep it up!  Thx
Will be interviewed on _Joe at 720. Great crowd in Las Vegas yesterday!
I was so happy when I heard that 
. ran  into the ground. A change was necessary. Congratulations to  and good luck in the future!
. is a total low life- read his past tweets. A dummy with no it factor. Will fade fast.
A great event in Las Vegas
Just leaving Las Vegas. Unbelievable crowd! Many Hispanics who love me and I love them! Thank you!    rocks it everywhere he goes Thanks.
Thanks. Website Exposing Marco Amnesty Rubio Goes Live A Donor Class Puppet? - Breitbart    'The goal is to be the winner' Donald Trump's campaign is for real. Via The Guardian   This Man Is the Most Dangerous Political Operative in America  via Bloomberg Politics   Wow 5000+ in Line in Las Vegas For our Next President of these United States Mr  !
  we know this and that's why you will be our next President  Thank you.
 No one else brings the passion
    WHEN IS TRUMP COMING TO FLORIDA? CAN'T WAIT.GO TRUMP! . FL FOR TRUMP
 I haven't missed a speech or interview. Love hearing you speak for ME!   
Washington (D.C.) is such a mess - nothing works! I will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  It's not going to happen with anyone else.
  I would like to nominate  for Speaker of the House What a great idea
Great
I'm at Trump Int'l Hotel in Las Vegas
What a time we all had in Iowa yesterday
Wow
I hear  is in big trouble. Unlike me
Wacky  who always seems to be crying (worse than Boehner) speaks badly of me only because I refuse to do his showa real nut job!
  YES!!!!!!!!!! AMERICA NEEDS  FOR PRESIDENT!!! CAN'T WAIT FOR AMERICA TO BE GREAT AGAIN!!!!
  This is the size crowd you get when people care what you say -Trump in Oklahoma . Got even bigger _org  I truly believe you are the best   Thank you so much!
    Donald Trump
    Pay him
Just arrived in Las Vegas for a packed house speech tomorrow. Big poll results today
   And he's still a consultant? For what?  Only a fool would pay Stuart for his advice.
    tired of FOX bashing Trump &amp; pushing GOP establish / Christie/Rubio/Bush
   On the bright side Romney's loss gave us Donald Trump!  So true!
Iowa was amazing today. Great crowd
. made some of the dumbest political decisions of all time in helping Romney to get destroyed by Obama. Should have won!
Just found out I won the Rockingham County Republican Booth Straw Poll at the Deerfield Fair in New Hampshire this past weekend. 39% -Wow!
. has no power
I wonder why somebody doesn't do something about the clowns  and their totally dishonest reporting.
Heading to a packed house in Waterloo
If Stuart Stevens' book is as bad as his horrible political advice to Mitt Romney
Ben Carson was speaking in general terms as to what he would do if confronted with a gunman
        Don't worry. Trump will put it back when he is Pres !
 NEW- 10/6/15 REUTERS IPSOS POLL DONALD TRUMP CONTINUES TO DOMINATE! OVER 37%!!  The ONLY hope for America to break from the single Party Establishment is to Vote for  
  we need a Real LEADER to LEAD. Let's make America great again! VOTE TRUMP 2016
   Trump is talking about highways
     At least  came to her senses       Just In! 10/6/15 Morning Poll Trump +18% Trump 31 Carson 13 Rubio 10 Bush 7 Fiorina 6
  Your Doing GREAT!  Thanks.
    Why are you even on tv? U sound like nails on a chalkboard. Biased against Trump.  So true!
 pundits love to take a snippet
   DonaldTrump GOD voters are NOT getting tired of Trump! He's winning over others too 
   He did give tremendous praise for you this morning on . Keep it up!Make America Great Again!
   TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT YOU HAVE MY VOTE.  GREAT.
 Guess Barry Diller is afraid  is about to upset the crony applecart.  _C_Icahn An angry fool!
  see u Sat in GA !!  Great!
  hope you win it all . Time for a change !!
_RiverFolk My 2016 Vote will B based on  NOT Eminent DomainAmericans need 2Prioritize     was great!  is jealous that Trump didn't mention him. It's because SH is so wrong!
 I enjoy every  speech IN ITS ENTIRETY NOBODY's going 2 tell me what our NEXT PRESIDENT says but HIM.
True! I will be on  with  tonight at 6PM. Labor Unions Giving Serious Thought to Endorsing Trump via Washington Examiner  Crooked  has given up advertising in Iowa on meremember they wanted my million dollarsI said nototal frauds!
.  Wayne
   . You have my vote
   great interview Trump!
_Mark_2010  is fired up on !!! So are your supporters!! 
  Trump Shuts down Cuomo. I am not getting out. I am going to win. Cuomo tries sleazy tricks . Epic Fail. Unprofessional.
   TRUMP EVEN SHARPER THAN LAST WEEK!!YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL...
_Nix   Great job Mr Trump
_2xTimes Great interview on   
   That was awesome
_Steen seriously Cuomo hates DonaldTrump he was a pathetic interviewer AS USUAL! Please don't go anywhere Mr Trump AMERICA NEEDS YOU
  Pew poll  holds commanding lead     wow
 My choice  just finished a great interview on CNN. Pathetic questions from Cuomo but Trump cleared the air.
   Stop interrupting Trump..Please..He is CORRECT ON EVERYTHING..
     Funny. The Donald living rent-free in lil Marco's head
 _mr2ducks    Trump talked about this weeks ago as a possibility .... this is not Rubio's idea
Don't ever forget
     . Mark Levin interview was great
 Love fest for DonaldTrump on  just now. Top 5 talk radio audience in country. Great being on the show with Mark!
  _Carl_Icahn   media is confused they bash trump he rises in polls!
  9 million MORE out of work because of this BAD DEAL.Will have over 100 MILLION out of work. Nice going Obama
  - don't let the media &amp; the  elites push you out- Americans are with you! Thanks
  will 
   TRUTH .Just like Perry
So
 If Donald Trump puts his name on X
 We're pleased to announce that Donald Trump has just accepted our invitation for a town hall. -  So true!
 HEADLINES Donald Trump maintains huge lead on opponents as polls go   Donald Trump will be on my show tonight at 830 PM eastern time. Will be my great honor
Political strategist Stuart Stevens
Thoughts and prayers for those in the floods affecting the great people of South Carolina.
The incompetence of our current administration is beyond comprehension. TPP is a terrible deal.
For all of my fantastic  supporters
 I cannot believe the increase in illegals here in San Antonio Texas. We are the minority constantly discriminated against
I'm leading by big margins in every poll but the press keeps asking
  When are you coming to ? Very soon!
 DonaldTrump is right. And sadly Christians were treated better under Hussein &amp; Gaddafi than ISIS.   Clinton may go to jail but is still running for president? 99% of people would be in jail for what she did
_org  You said it best! 
 WATCH  Fires Up the Crowd in Franklin
  Hollywood doesn't get to pick our presidents we the people do!! GO TRUMP!
Will be interviewed by  on  at 1030 A.M.
Will be interviewed by  on     at 1000 A.M.
 _pete ILLEGAL ALIENS FOUND GUILTY OF MURDERING BORDER PATROL AGENT The people of Tennessee yesterday were amazing. Thank you!
_US RT     i can't wait to cast my vote for Donald J TRUMP   
_US RT  Will be interviewed on  at 830.   
  ends speech in Franklin
    i can't wait to cast my vote for Donald J TRUMP in MAY and NOVEMBER  Thanks.
 This morning on  -  sit down with  in his NYC Campaign HQ   Okay okay  was right LaGuardia Airport is a total dump. Like really
  Great Job Donald!!! Can't waite for you to be President and neither can America!!
           _REPORT  FYI  _kudlow  appeal grows!
 Watched the roast of  You took those jokes like a champ
  I am Hispanic and will vote for 
 Thank you  for the great  this week!!!
  Please don't roll over . You are this country's last hope and our kids need you. Don't lose this deal !
  The more the Progressives &amp; RINO's poke at the DonaldTrump the stronger he gets and more REAL PEOPLE like him!
 . plays a way better fake  than a real  plays herself 
 If  becomes  we will finally have a  Hall of Famer as President.
 It's funny how they say  doesn't give specifics but he's the only one who put out more than 2 policies.
  I think I just heard 's ratings go up another 5%  
Tune in to see me on  with  at 10am ET. Enjoy!
I will be on  with  tomorrow morning at 1030am ET on . Enjoy!
Just leaving Nashville
Rubio was very disloyal to Bush
Bush and Rubio are finally attacking each other
  I like gutsy brave guys like   
 Can't wait for  to be the next pres.    _REPORT  Thank you  for the nice things you said about Melania. You will like her
_says Overwhelming wins by  in primaries will prove what will happen (landslide) in the general election.
 Going to see  tomorrow in franklin TN 
 DonaldTrump your kicking everyone's ASS! always believed in this Country ! your going to make America Great Again ! Mr President!
_pete  great numbers   Thanks.
    Melania is a beautiful woman who conducts her self with Class and Dignity 
  It'd be humorous to cull tweets from experts over past few mos who have predicted Trump's immediate collapse
 Trump's big lead in a new poll and whether Jeb's stuff happens was taken out of context with  tonight Thanks H!
  _REPORT  Jeb you are falling in polls because conservatives feel that you cannot 
   You will be the next president of the USA!! Thank you Mr Trump. Sincerely the middle class!!
 Megan Kelly admitted Trump was leading by a lot!! That talk with Ailes must have worked... Time to get tough. TRUMP 2016
_US RT   Polling Convergence - OAN/GRAVIS and Reuters  Don't slow down the Trump storm... American needs leadership not a Paper President like Obama. Don't leave us with Jeb!
 Polling Convergence - OAN/GRAVIS and Reuters Show Donald Trump Surging With 34 - 35% Support...  P. Diddy is a fan of Donald Trump  Donald Trump Leads by 9 Points in Pew Poll  Jeb Bush in Free Fall  Pictures of my beautiful mother
Congratulations to my brother Robert &amp; Ann Marie on the success of  in Dutchess County
 Pastor Robert Jeffres accurately gushes about Donald Trump  Why Buffalo Bills could be responsible for Donald Trump becoming president   Virginians stand with you sir!   
Will be in Nashville
I was so looking forward to being in Virginia Beach
     we love trump
 I enjoyed  interview with  on  Need more interviews like that. Thanks.
  Mr Trump we are praying that you win the 2016 election! Obama is destroying the US!
 The HUGE  DonaldTrump faith-based story runs tomorrow (Friday) on .  channel at 10am ET.
      GO TRUMP
My warmest condolences to the families of the horrible Roseburg
   IF  ran more like  and less like McCain
I will be interviewed on  tonight at 1000. Many things
_t    No body knows foreign policy any better than Trump. Vote T
 CNBC's John Harwood Today We don't have Superman presidents No DonaldTrump replied ..But we WILL if you have Trump! 
    The truth about Romney...he didn't want the presidency bad enough!  He choked!
   Like always you are telling the truth.I liked Romney and voted for him but he didn't fight hard enough. True!
 How can Illinois keep  off the ballot? Illinois citizens should protest. Just another phony Politico story. Easy!
_eugenio   it's sad
. is trying to hit back at me because I'm saying that he let the Repub Party down w/ his loss to Obama. Should've wonhe choked!
Thanks.   was right.  wont last. Even Paul knew it. Thats why he's still running for his Senate seat  
 Latest  finds  at 37 percent approval
  Rand Paul put the nail in his coffin when he bashed Ted Cruz. Bye
 It's hard to get through corrupt media filter but Trump is doing it. Check out 9/30/15  int'view Just got back from New Hampshire. Great crowd
  is pulling away from the pack. I live in Iowa. It's real. Thank you!
   congratulations Don that was a great interview 
 . Great interview on      
  great interview with . Thank you.
 How can anyone vote for Hillary when she careless with emails that jeopardize our security. She is not to be trusted.
  Univision execs are hypocrites.They dish out the most discrimination. You should highlight that point.
 I just watched D Trumps interview on  i get more impressed everytime i hear him speak!  -Thanks
Trumps Tax Plan A Proposal Reagan Would Approve? by Jeff Bell

I will be interviewed by  tonight on  at 10PM.
Interesting
Wow
Great news! Just outthe highly respected USA Today/Suffolk University Poll. Enjoy! Anyone reading this profile of Marco Rubio would never vote for him. Never made ten cents &amp; is totally controlled!

Highly respected economist _Kudlow is a big fan of my tax planthank you Larry. Rubio is totally owned by the lobbyists and special interests. A lightweight senator with the worst voting record in Senate. Lazy!
  who ever thinks Donald trump is a bad person u just don't want a good country Thank you.
Just read that Trump has the largest (and I add most enthusiastic) crowds. Tonight I will be in New Hampshire - the place will be packed!
I watched lightweight Senator  Marco Rubio
Great! Carl Icahn said this about me  I think at this moment in time
Definitely watch _C_Icahn s Danger Ahead. Very insightful
I hope when Rand Paul gets out of the racehe is at 1%his supporters come over to me. I will do a much better job for them.
Prediction Rand Paul has been driven out of the race by my statements about him he will announce soon. 1%!
  MAN WITH A PLAN-THE BEST TAX PLAN! GO TRUMP 2016!
Do you believe this - Iran wants to trade our 3 prisoners (not 4) for 19 prisoners held by the U.S. Should have been let go with last deal!
Wow
The GOP Debate Scorecard Donald Trump and Energy  by Wayne Allyn Root. Zogby Poll Trump Widens Lead After GOP Debate  Conservative? Jeb Bush doubled Florida State debt!Will be doing  with  tonight at 7 pm re tax reductions and various other topics.
Thanks.   First time in my life I wish I was an American citizen so I could vote for  !!
I know you will enjoy reading my tax plan- LIVE on  Tax Plan Press Conference

Looking forward to press conference on taxes at 11AM at .
  notice how your twits about  are the most RT!  We the American ppl love and want  !
   watched 60 mins first time ever. Love Trump hate Scotty
  _trump  Thats exactly what I thought. We haven't had great leader since Reagan&amp;now Trump
_karl All Scott Pelley did by being disrespectful was make it easier to make up my mind who to vote for and that will be Trump.
    Haven't seen that much hatred in an interviewer since the 1st debate. 
 When asked why he has his own magazine covers on his walls -  replies It's cheaper than wall paper... Ha!
 Trump went way up in my 'poll' when he said he'd take money from what US is giving 2 other countries 2 save social security
     EXCELLENT WATCHING PUTIN'S BRILLIANCE AND TRUMP'S.  I LOVED THE INTERVIEWS.
 .  announces his tax plan tomorrow morning   While the former KGB Putin gets softballs
   Great interview
  Imagine that
   Been watching!!! Brilliant Mr. Trump
Hope we all enjoy   tomorrow night. I do believe they will treat me fairly!
  Time for real change
_   Trump will win
  we are tired of lies. Trump 2016
 Ex-wife Ivana Trump says  can win
  Mr Trump Please Do not give in.You are Changing History. We Need you as our Next Leader
Marco Rubio is a member of the Gang Of Eight or
    Fiorina is not surging..she is begging for money..and she owns this.    Look forward to it
Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio is VERY weak on immigration
 I will be on   this Sunday. A great honor hope you enjoy it.
_Trump  Think about it. When's the last time a Prez actually did what he said? TRUMP does what he says. Will Be Greatest Prez Ever
An updated POLL tracker (with all polls thru the weekend) reveals I maintained a double digit lead at Just left Oklahoma- the most amazing crowd and people! What a night!
Thank you   I will be on   this Sunday. A great honor hope you enjoy it.
. The Donald Trump Ratings Bump Who's Benefiting Most? .- Trump on Boehner resignation 'It's a good thing' .....Has worst attendance record in Senate- rarely there to vote on a bill! 
. is weak on illegal immigration and will allow anyone into the country.....
Dishonest  just called to say that none of the polls including Fox
At the Old Post Office- I am now inspecting the Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Avenue - will be a great hotel. Soon off to the Oklahoma State Fair!
.....Ahead of schedule and under budget! Will be in Oklahoma tonight!
Great reception in D.C. At the Values Voter Summit. Now checking on my job at the Old Post Office...
   Waiting for the biased media to write about the 30
.
  They attack Trump for not giving policy    WHAT THE LOBBYISTS
Just watched  on television. Just another all talk
  WHEN THE OTHER CANDIDATES ARE TALKING POLITICS TRUMP IS TALKING SOLUTIONS. HE IS THE MOST TALENTED CANDIDATE.
Wow
The failing  news outlet
.
Dishonest  reporter Jonathan Martin refused to acknowledge massive crowd surge forward Bloomberg Trump leads GOP field Despite the establishment and the medias best efforts
New Bloomberg Poll Trump Leads Big So happy about my daughter  announcement that she will be having a baby this spring. Congratulations!
Will be on _Joe at 630 A.M.
Will be on  at 700 A.M.
. owes me an apology for allowing clueless pundit  to use such foul language on TV. Unheard of!
Incompetent  lost it tonight on . He should not be allowed on TV and the FCC should fine him!
Wow! What a great night. Thank you to all of the viewers and congratulations to  . has been treating me very unfairly &amp; I have therefore decided that I won't be doing any more Fox shows for the foreseeable future.
Yogi Berra was not only a great baseball player
Headline reads Rubio passes Bush in Florida poll  Unfair
.  Congratulations on your great winwhat a captain
   still cannot figure out this massive base of support for Trump is because he is anti- politician. 
I will be doing  at 1130 on CBS. Enjoy! I will be the featured guest on the season opener of   this Sunday. There certainly is plenty to talk about!
Just remember
I think  should take another eleven day unscheduled vacation.
Do you ever notice that lightweight  constantly goes after me but when I hit back it is totally  sexist. She is highly overrated!
Senator Marco amnesty Rubio
I will be on the  tonight at 1130 Yom Kippur blessings to all of my friends in Israel and around the world. 
Morning Consult poll Trump Leads  2016 Republican Primary Morning Consult Poll was just released. TRUMP 32
    I steer away from Fox now. Never thought that would happen.
   Have you listened to his plans for Vets when he takes office? They're Incredible!!
  Trump is the only candidate telling the truth... the GOP is planning to stab Trump in the back...     will you cry when Marco Amnesty loses nomination?
   would be the best for the country
    is the only one who can get us out of this mess!  True!
_11  Fox has become a supporter of Liberals!They are Not supporting the GOP candidates-especially Trump! Quit watching
   Hey Donald your not alone. I can't watch it at all. Used to be all i watched.
_1     is fighting for middle class and veterans! Discussing trade deals.
  Do what most of us are doing! Turn off ! There is a major boycott going on with them
_jeanine  I can only watch Hannity. I think he is the only one in your corner
  WE LOVE YOU DONALD TRUMP BECAUSE WE KNOW YOU ARE THE ONLY ONE TO  Thanks.
   I have been since you started running &amp; I noticed Meghan Kelly's attacks. Stopped watching. Only Hannity 4 sure. Yes!
       Karl Rove is a JOKE OWNED BY the BUSH family
   and millions will agree with you! Most of us on twitter now view OAN network
   They attack you more then CNN or MSNBC combined. Just a bunch of old Bush appointee Rhinos.
   Im not sure why u r giving them this much importance
    What happened to The Pledge? Walker quits and slams Trump. Losers proving Pledge was sham.
      that's ok! The more they talk the better POTUS Trump looks!
  you must be relentless and maintain energy
  Thank you for maintaining your integrity during this disgusting lynching of   Thanks Mark!
. is truly one of the dumbest of the talking  heads - he doesn't have a clue!
I am having a really hard time watching .
_dipaolo  will get out disaffected Repub base voters as well as Democrats looking for a real choice on immigration.
  Do you dream about ? He's in your head. Let it go. She is the worst - all anti-Trump! Terrible show.
     The way you have treated  is totally unacceptable...CNN has been fair
  Can't even think what the race would be without you in it.
   love you trump
    this is bull fox. O'Reilly
   You dominate not because of them-but despite them;They need you more than you need them
   Couldn't agree more!
   they're not Trump haters. They're spoon fed morons.
.
. was very negative to me in refusing to to post the great polls that came out today including NBC.  not good for me!
  touts CNN polls instead of their own!! Of course
Via HuffPost Pollster  I will be interviewed tonight at 7pm ET by  
I got to know  wellhes a very nice person and has a great future.
Thank you DanI agree! Best wishes.   Zogby is respected in the business of polling ~ the media is attempting to silence the message 
  I had a great time at   I just wrapped up a Q&amp;A . Thanks for all your questions!  ._Just_Mads_  .  .  ._Do_Good  .  ._Sunday  .  .  .  .   Getting ready to answer your questions. Has the media picked up the new Zogby poll that was just put out? I doubt it! Jeb has been confused for forty years- Carly Fiorina is terrible at businessthe last thing our country needs!  Send me your questions to answer live from  later this afternoon.
New Zogby poll highly respected but the media wont report it because it gives me an even bigger lead!


  touts CNN polls instead of their own!! Of course
_jane   Fox is using you for ratings. They want u out of the race. Refuse.
  could you make your interview with  any more biased or... 
   You are great!!
_labeledVet  here is a Clinton insider who admitted Hillary started the whole Obama's a Muslim     ...Why is Fox being so hard on u? I don't get it...are they idiots?
   you go trumpy
 On the Muslim issue It might help  if he actually supported Christians religious liberty rights.
 On the Muslim issue It might help  if he didn't take five years to visit Israel
   I totally support you! You have this Ga. Girl's vote!!!
 Thanks  and  for showing us how lopsided you are! Use your own poll!  
The  refused to use their just in poll numbers where I have a massive lead but instead used  numbers where my lead is smaller.
Will be on   now. Enjoy!
  thank you for your personal and financial sacrifices to make america great again!
Carly Fiorina did such a horrible job at Lucent and HP
We are going to WIN and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
I am attracting the biggest crowds
I have been leading big in all  polls
There is no way that Carly  Fiorina can become the Republican Nominee or win against the Dems. Boxer killed her for Senate in California!
I will be on  at 1030.  will be releasing their new poll numbers. Based on the debate results
 CNN tried to destroy Donald Trump with vaccine autism question
 THE best interview thus far...keep it up Trump! Donald Trump Enough With the Nice! Thank you Faith and Freedom Forum &amp; . I had a great time in Iowa today! A great night in Iowa!   On my way to Iowa. Will be landing in Des Moines in two hours. See ya!
Christians need support in our country (and around the world)
If I would have challenged the man
If someone made a nasty or controversial statement about me to the president
This is the first time in my life that I have caused controversy by NOT saying something.
Am I morally obligated to defend the president every time somebody says something bad or controversial about him? I don't think so!
Looking forward to meeting the students of Urbandale High School tomorrow- Ive just released my position papers on The Second Amendment. Thank you.  GIVE AMERICA BACK ITS DREAM!  

Wow
Would be really bad if columnist Mike Lupica left the .  A wonderful and talented guy!
Will be interviewed tonight by  on  at 10 PM. Enjoy!
Going to New Hampshire in a little while. Big crowds! !
Every poll done on debate last night
Just announced that in the history of 
  The  was amazing - so much fun!  Winning the _report poll- Thank you to Tom Brady
A great honor from somebody that knows how to win! Will be heading over to the debate soon. Can you believe  is milking it for almost 3 hours? Too long
    No one can imitate Trump. He's one of a kind. I love him more each day.   Thanks
 We are a Cuban family from Miami Florida and would love very much to work on your political campaing here in Miami. Great.
 Only 15 percent of  voters said they would not back  as the partys standard-bearer.   - Donald...keep pushing...the nation needs a real leader.
   More Veterans will vote for Trump than you can believe! I can't imagine they wouldn't!
   The sold to lobbyists candidates are wasting their money. ON the BORDER and IMMIGRATION
I hope Arnold S. does well with the Apprentice because he is a nice guy and also
Just finished the wonderful event on the U.S.S. Iowa. VETERANS FOR A STRONG AMERICA endorsed me. Such a great honor
. Rush
The polls are really looking good everywhere despite all lobbyist &amp; special interest $ being spent against me. Im turning down millions.
Everyone is talking about the incredible event we had in Dallas last night. Spectacular crowd &amp; arena! Thank you .
. asked me for $1 million. I said no. Now falsely advertising that I will raise taxes. Ill lower big league for middle class.
My plan will lower taxes for our country
Little respected Club For Growth asked me for $1
Am now in L.A. Will be going to the U.S.S. IOWA at 530 P.M. to speak to our great VETERANS and other friends!
Our vets are treated like 3rd class citizens. Enough! Join me &amp;  on  at LA Waterfront to hear my plan for vets &amp; the military!
Loved Dallas and the tremendous crowd last night. Will be back!
I will rebuild the military
Speech in Dallas went really well. Big and wonderful crowd. Just arrived in L.A. Big day tomorrow!
Unbelievable crowd in Dallas! Vets mistreated
The event with me and  in L.A on 9/15 is turning out to be huge. Get your tickets before they're gone Looking forward to joining  Tuesday 9/15 in L.A. aboard the  - The Battleship of Presidents! Join us! My opponents big bosseslobbyists and donorsare trying to do damage. They will fail! Money down the drain!
Thanks Mark
To all my fans
Congrats to my friend  who is doing next seasons  Celebrity Apprentice. He'll be great &amp; will raise lots of $ for charity.
My honor
__Wang  Nice! I love how Trump has a way of putting people on the spot. I wonder what CNN will do. The Veterans appreciate it!
Why is someone like George Pataki
  Trump rocked Iowa today heard his message was positive and built much enthusiasm among the voters 
 I don't know how any American can watch this video and not want to vote for      please make this country great again &amp; help secure our borders Mr. Trump
  Are you going to come to Wisconsin in the near future?  Yes.
 Mr. Trump
  There's only one I'll never support 
 Knows how to get things done. He has guts to say what needs to be said. He'll deal with Putin more effectively than anyone.
 I hated to love it
Had a record crowd in Boone
I am having a great time in Iowa at Jack Trice Stadium! Unbelievable people.
Too many people on stage for debate.  at 11th
I truly understood the appeal of Ron Paul
Lightweight Senator  should focus on trying to get elected in Kentucky- a great state which is embarrassed by him.
Donald Trump Sends  to Highest Friday Rating in 18 Months. 

Trumps Campaign Hat Becomes an Ironic Summer Accessory - The New York Times. . thank you so much for your kind words on television  fantastic job and greatly appreciated!
Will be on  at 800. Enjoy!
    That's awesome when younger people can see we need Trump!
  International Hotel &amp; Golf Links. Luxury resort in  on Ireland's    Ignore the losers and the haters
 Trump 96% success rate in business
 You were a great sport on the show and I have total confidence in you rebuilding this country and making America great again.
_in_2016  does best imitation of himself - we got ourselves a winner ready to hang on for the long haul.
 I fully believe in apologies but you have to be wrong-
  I want our president to be smart AND witty like you Mr Trump Thanks.
 If  doesn't become the next president
 you on Jimmy lastnight &amp; how you showed you like to have fun/are able to laugh at yourself! Do you ever sleep tho? Not much
  My Dad is thinking of voting for the first time ever for you.  Carson on  now. He is worse than Jeb; like ambien for insomnia. We need energy in the White House. We need DonaldTrump
  blew it away on . The ratings will be HUUUGE.
     Great show! Trump you are Awesomeness! God Bless! 
 What are your thoughts on your good friend Tom Brady's performance yesterday?  He was fantastic
_jrt1d Mr. Trump
 At the neighborhood bar talking about  we need him We will make America great again!
    You even made the show great again.
_resist    Trump will be our leader and we will be thankful!
 If I was 18 I'd vote for  Thank you!
    absolutely
    loved the show....trump2016
   is the only candidate against illegals. We will have America back - &amp; jobs
    
 Trump's polls are going to skyrocket after appearance on  tonight. The young people are going to love him!
Backstage with  before opening skit- great fun!  The Tonight Show  will be amazing - 1130 P.M.  ENJOY!
Amazing crowd outside . Tune in tonight at 1130. . is a terrific guy and I wish him well- I know he will have a great future!
On  with  at 1130 PM. Enjoy!
Via The Hill No Tickets Left for Trump's Dallas Rally . I greatly appreciate your kind words last night on . Have great love for the evangelicals  great respect for you.
Just purchased NBCs half of The Miss Universe Organization and settled all lawsuits against them. Now own 100%  stay tuned!
Lets all take a moment to remember all of the heroes from a very tragic day that we cannot let happen again!
Oh wow
Also
Very good newsthe new Quinnipiac poll just came outI am  in Iowa.
I will be on The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon tonight at 1130. Should be fun! 
.... I only respond to people that register more than 1% in the polls. I never thought he had a chance and Ive been proven right.
Bobby Jindal did not make the debate stage and therefore I have never met him.
  The numbers are amazing!  
I'll be on  ON THE RECORD tonight at 7 PM
Wow
I had a great day in D.C. even though the subject was an unpleasant one
Man did JEB throw his brother under the bus last night on  . Probably true
I will be speaking at the  rally shortly- watch live here- A letter to  President Jeff Zucker- See you in D.C. tomorrow at 100 P.M. at the Capitol to protest the horribly negotiated deal with Iran. Really sad!
 While  rallies  tomorrow
_dorsett  we want Trump! America needs him desperately!
  I've just lost hope Mr Trump. Hope you put America back the way it was
Via - Amateur hour with the Iran nuclear deal Will be on Bill O'Reilly  tonight at 8 PM. Enjoy!
A great honor to receive polling numbers like these. Record setting African American (25%) &amp; Hispanic numbers (31%). I'm on Bill  tonight at 8 PM. It will be another lively interview about how to !
Jebs policies in Florida helped lead to its almost total collapse. Right after he left he went to work for Lehman Brotherswow!
The lobbyists &amp; special interests have just put out an ad for Jeb which hits me just a little but is very false!
Im self funding my campaign but lobbyists &amp; special interests for Jeb &amp; others are starting to do big adsdesperate! Dont believe them.
Wake up Jeb supporters! Thank you  for your strength &amp; wonderful words last night on 
Wow! Such nice words from Robert Redford on my running for President. Thank you
Tomorrow in DC 1 PM West Front Lawn of the Capitol. Not even believable that we would do this deal with Iran.
Look forward to being in DC tomorrowbig crowd expected for our protest against the truly stupid nuclear deal we are making with Iran.
Looking forward to being with  at our big rally in D.C. on Wednesday (100 P.M. at the Capitol) to protest insane Iran nuke deal!
Both Washington D.C. and DALLAS are turning out to be really big events. D.C. is protest of incompetent Iran deal and Dallas is big speech!
Remember
   For my mind
   I know. Gives in secret without even a writeoff.  spilled beans about 25k Thank you!
 No other GOP candidate has potential to win Ohio &amp; Pennsylvania-thus the presidency
Thank you  for your powerful words on . I am with the Evangelicals and Tea Party big time. We will all WIN  together!
 Jeb Bush
 No other GOP candidate has potential to win Ohio &amp; Pennsylvania-thus the presidency except jobs .
   The letter is out
  We need a strong leader to fix the mess our country in! Go Mr.Trump!!
  I am 72 year old female. You give me hope 1st time in years America can come back..stay the course we need you in 2016!
   Donald has already done many great things
  _EWASHINGTON  it's good to show the public such things
  WOW! Here is letter that mafia organization of extortion
 Sure hope you will do great things. You are giving us something to look forward to
  _EWASHINGTON  Wow. So disengenuos in asking for a million dollars! Like its no big deal.
_ vote for Trump  
   They are all just phony cronies. Keep up the Real Deal Mr. TRUMP YOU ARE THE MAN.
_J9b    Borderline extortion scam. They would have used your $1M to extract donations from others
   Club4Growth will do anything for a handout just like every other POLITICIAN running... Pay to Say organization
  is gonna do some great things!  
  You are our only hope ! Keep strong Mr.Trump Thank you.
. should release the letter they sent me asking for $1
 _troy  He was right when he called Obama the 5 for 1 president. 5 terrorist for one no good traitor
 Trump Leads as Bush Crashes  _stephanie  as long as we can stay strong and give  our support. He's the leader.
I will be in Washington D.C. on Wednesday
The Dallas event on September 14 at 600 P.M. at the American Airlines Center looks like it will be a giant success. Tickets are going FAST!
Our country needs a president with great leadership skills and vision
The phony Club For Growth
  do you see what's in Tom Brady's Locker?  Check it out
    AMERICA will be working again. BUSINESSMAN &gt; POLITICIAN. Private sector growth above all. 
 Poll Trump beats Clinton head-to-head matchup If the presidential election were held today
The hedge fund guys (gals) have to pay higher taxes ASAP. They are paying practically nothing. We must reduce taxes for the middle class!
By self-funding my campaign
Remember that I am self-funding my campaign. Hillary
Hillary said such nasty things about me
Hillary Clinton made a speech today using the biggest teleprompter I have ever seen. In fact
Saudi Arabia was vehemently against the Iran nuclear deal. Then today they embraced it. What happened? What did we give them to endorse?
Just announced that because of Trump
Why would a very low ratings radio talk show host like Hugh Hewitt be doing the next debate on . He is just a 3rd rate gotcha guy!
Very low ratings radio host Hugh Hewitt asked me about Suleiman
The Dallas event in two weeks
. was terrible on  yesterday. Angry and obnoxious
Terrific response to my previous tweet Ill be in Dallas at the American Airlines Center on Sept 14th at 6 PM. So nice
Daily Caller Trump Surpasses Field
Ill be in Dallas at the American Airlines Center on Sept 14th at 6 PM.  Will be great to be back in Texas. Will be on _Joe in 5 minutes - at 700. Enjoy!
  is there something to learn from  success? 
 Obama left our American hostages in Iran.  
    I love Donald Trump. For ONCE I feel like someone out there running actually cares about us.
The Pledge  LIVE on  Watch major press conference live from  now!  Congratulations to Tom Brady on yet another great victory- Tom is my friend and a total winner!
The deal with Iran will go down as one of the most incompetent ever made. The U.S. lost on virtually every point. We just don't win anymore!
 Obama left our American hostages in Iran.   Sadly
.
Tracking 149 polls from 29 pollsters nationwide/HuffPost Pollster  2016 GOP Nomination Polls have me as  as seen on  with . . Great job on  this morning. You tell it like it is! Also
A terrible deal with Iran! _REPORT MEGYN KELLY TOP OF CABLE NEWS... Will be interviewed on  this morning at 700. Thanks for the GREAT poll results!
  revealed character and spirit. Even as  changed subjects abruptly
  Go 
    I have always wondered why Fox kept Rove on after his disastrous election predictions. He is a joke!
  Jeb bush couldn't shine MR trumps shoes...give me a break. Bushes are so over...
     Rove is suffering from  defeatism. 
When I intelligently turned down The Club For Growth crazy request for $1
The president of the pathetic Club For Growth came to my office in N.Y.C. and asked for a ridiculous $1
  Keep the momentum going!  
 BIG LEADS FOR THE PEOPLE'S POTUS     Every Poll has me winning BIG.If you listen to dopey Karl Rove
Why does  and  always have Karl Rove on. He spent $430 million and lost ALL races. A dope who said Romney won election
Im turning down millions of dollars of campaign contributionsfeel totally stupid doing so
Many Super Pacs
No more Clintons or Bushes! Congrats everyonewe topped 4 million today on Twitterand heading up fast!
While millions are being spent against me in attack ads
Jeb is spending millions of dollars on hit ads funded by lobbyists &amp; special interests. Bad system.
Yet another weak hit by a candidate with a failing campaign. Will Jeb sink as low in the polls as the others who have gone after me?
 Only Trump is capable of cleaning up the mess America is in
The just released Public Policy Polling (PPP - national result) is the best yet. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
   My wife and I are both voting for trump in florida over our previous governor PERIOD! Thank you
_SD   unofficial fight song Just out - new PPP NATIONAL POLL has me in first place by a wide margin at 29%. I wonder why only  has not reported this? Too bad!
150 Clinton E-mails still contain classified information. More sensitive when she was Sec.of State. This is a very big deal.
President Obama wants to change the name of Mt. McKinley to Denali after more than 100 years. Great insult to Ohio. I will change back!
Very proud of Trump Int'l Golf Links in Aberdeen
See
This is no act of love as Jeb Bush said For those that dont think a wall (fence) works
Huma Abedin
  Gaining more supporters every day. People want change. Trump2016
Leading in the Bloomberg Iowa poll. Also
Loved being with my many friends in Tennessee. The crowd and enthusiasm was fantastic. I won the straw poll big!
_Vaughn99 Herschel Walker Donald Trump is 'my frontrunner' for president  Trump Wins Tea Party Group's 'Nashville Straw Poll' - Newsmax Via  TRUMP WINS NASHVILLE GRASSROOTS STRAW POLL WITH 52 PERCENT- Wow
Leaving now for Tennessee. Big crowd!
Great rally last night in Massachusetts. 2000 people at a house - must be a record! Unbelievable spirit to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN.
 BOOM - Univision Reluctantly Reports Donald Trump Leading With Latino Republicans.... Will be interviewed by  tonight at 1000 on OAN Network. Enjoy!
 I love you Donald Trump! I've never liked politics before u came on the scene but I finally feel like there's hope for USA
 Love 'em or hate 'em  is changing the playing field
Thank you  A phony story that I am trying to buy a soccer team in Argentina is untrue. Never even heard of the teamno interest!  From my speech in South Carolina yesterday- Via CNN Trump now leads in odds to win GOP nomination     Trump wins
_sitles  HillaryClinton she compared republicans to terrorist but will not call terrorists 
      ....Trump 2016 !!!
Great job tonight on  Tony. I am with you all the way! Make America Great Again  
     is the Real Deal
    NEED A   is back &amp;  will handle  &amp; 
  Trump for President of the USA
 Love you man! I'm one of the silent majority that's so excited to finally have us a spokesman! Behind you all the way!
 .  should've disclosed his daughter works for HillaryClinton &amp; Univision is being sued by .
Will be interviewed on _Joe at 700 A.M. So much to talk about!
Who wants the endorsement of a guy () who lost in perhaps the greatest upset in the history of Congress?
. just watched you on . Thank you for your nice comments.
The press has very inaccurately covered this event - see for yourself! Great job on  tonight . We are all proud of you! Also
. You were absolutely great on ! Thank you.
. Thanks for the nice words. You are fantastic!
Thank you Christian Broadcasting Network    Will be interviewed on the  this morning at 700. Talking about politics
Just got back from Iowa. Fantastic evening with truly fabulous people. Will be back again soon. Thanks!
Heading to Iowa to a packed house. Just released polls
Thank you . I am going to Make America Great Again!
Great American heroes who averted an attack in France. THANK YOU! Spencer Stone
True
  he has more smarts than any one of the politicians - he TRUMPED again !    
    Because he speaks &amp; acts like a real person; not like a slimy
_coulter  Trump is the ONLY person capable of fixing this corrupt
Thanks.  Another good poll result in the great state of SC. Trump at 30%. Carson at 15% and Bush at 9%.  Congrats . You just got 4 points in your home state of SCfar better than zero nationally. Youre only 26 pts behind me.
_lcarson  Rubio and Bush cant say Wall. I guess it is not pc. Just like obama cant say islamic terrorists !!
_Patriot    I could not agree more ! I now flip to other channels at 900pm
   ... I LIVED IN NY WHEN TACKY PATAKI WAS GOV... HE WAS A TOTAL DISASTER FOR THE PEOPLE OF NEW YORK
 Gov. Scott Walker has ran Wisconsin's economy into the ground. How dare he criticize you. You would fire him in a second.
 No hope for Jeb Bush anymore
. did a terrible job as Governor of New York. If he ran again
Jeb Bush just talked about my border proposal to build a fence. It's not a fence
Asians are very offended that JEB said that anchor babies applies to them as a way to be more politically correct to hispanics. A mess!
In a clumsy move to get out of his anchor babies dilemma
Jeb Bush never uses his last name on advertising
  Kelly File was much better without Megyn Kelly. Her replacement while she was out on vacation was much better!
     So true. Jeb Bush is crazy
   Ordered my Trump banner today. Can't wait!
 The Lesson Evangelicals Can Learn From    People always take cheap shots at you
  Mr Trump I appreciate you and your honesty sir  Thank you.
  No man or women on this Planet can give us back America with the exception of  Leadership!
 DonaldTrump Thanks for the picture! You were Awesome in Alabama! Roll Trump Roll       The bimbo back in town . I hope not for long .
   Show has become a opinion show. Leading questions
_bug   Cruz is my second/third choice. Carson is also a good man. I look at it as war
   She has come back looking like Nancy Grace
       Megyn needs to go back on vacation. What a waste of an hour on Fox.
I liked The Kelly File much better without . Perhaps she could take another eleven day unscheduled vacation!
. must have had a terrible vacation
    Pffffffttttt we need to do something about illegals who get more than our vets!!!!!
Via The Brody File The Lesson Evangelicals Can Learn From Donald Trump  Thank you David &amp; CBN Newsso nice.   Via Int'l Business Times Jeb Bush Got $1.3M Job at Lehman After Florida Shifted Pension Cash To Bank. Thank you Greta. Even Barbara Bush agrees with me- Depression- be careful of China!  only  can save us form this turmoil  Perhaps so!
_11    Trump supporters- volunteer 
 Will you finally get respect for predicting U.S. concerns even weeks before disaster strikes.The country needs a visionary
Markets are crashing - all caused by poor planning and allowing China and Asia to dictate the agenda. This could get very messy! Vote Trump.
_franco When people start losing their savings &amp; home value
As I have long stated
New Reuters Poll just came out and has me at 32%
The last thing we need is another Bush in the White House. Would be the same old thing (remember read my lips
Jeb Bush has a photoshopped photo for an ad which gives him a black left hand and much different looking body. Jeb just can't get it right!
Jeb Bush is weak on illegal immigration
Now that I started my war on illegal immigration and securing the border
It has just been confirmed by  the City of Mobile
How is Bernie Sanders going to defend our country if he can't even defend his own microphone? Very sad!
Thank you to the  for the accurate and very discriptive  story on my speech in Alabama last night. It was a great evening!
I had 15
. covers me more inaccurately than any other media source
  Keep talking Donald....The people want to hear it loud and clear!!!!!
    That chant gave me sweet
Alabama was great last night
.
  Dow dives more than 500 points - down 9% from high. Be careful!
Leaving for Mobile
Boston incident is terrible. We need energy and passion
 Every Time I see  address a crowd I want to start chanting USA
Great! We are going to have a wild time in Alabama tonight! Finally
How crazy - 7.5% of all births in U.S. are to illegal immigrants
Jeb Bush signed memo saying not to use the term anchor babies
Alabama will shine tomorrow. It will be a big and glorious day!
We are going to make our country so strong again
  agree. One of the things that is good abt  is he's forcing others out of status quo politicking.
   So refreshing to have someone call out these left wingers posing as journalists. Keep it up Trump!
. cannot report the news truthfully. Why not apologize for your fraudulent story on World News Tonight.Gang members &amp; criminals
 must apologize. My statement we're going to get them out so fast
Behind the scenes video with Uncle Sam (eagles name) and me.

Had a special visitor in my office yesterday for  photo shoot. On the cover of  Magazinea great honor! Thank you New Hampshire! Together we will Make America Great Again! Another great poll result! Thank you!   Now you need not wonder why we are attracted to a strong leader like . The rest don't cut it. ALL WIMPS!!
 DonaldTrump is an emblem of HOPE that the best is yet to come for America! The good Trump name will be proudly displayed
Just got back from New Hampshire. Amazing people
Will be in New Hampshire and then on  Special at 9 PM tonight.
My official  hat is now available online. To shop please visit . - Thank you and great job on  tonight!
  loved you on  speaking truth  has awakened Patriots all over this Great Country.
I am looking forward to being in New Hampshire tomorrow. The silent majority is taking our country back. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
My H-1B reform plan will transform program so it delivers for country
 New CNN/ORC poll   w/ 24%  favorability rating on the rise while Jeb's declines. 60% among women!!
   Walker &amp; Bush want to be like Trump. My Mom88 They sound like boys compared to Trump.
 Polls indicate that a Trump presidency is now inevitable. 
If I am elected President I will immediately approve the Keystone XL pipeline.  No impact on environment &amp; lots of jobs for U.S.
 Two explanations on  that seem no longer sufficient 1) It's early.  2) It is all a media creation.
.  I am very proud of my sister
Our online campaign store is open! Visit When foreigners attend our great colleges &amp; want to stay in the U.S.
I want talented people to come into this countryto work hard and to become citizens. Silicon Valley needs engineers
It does matter! My official  hat is now available online. To shop please visit Listening to  on way back to Jury Duty. Fantastic show
Why does  keep George Will as a talking head? Wrong on so many subjects!
   Please have mercy on all Veterans. All we wished to do is serve a county who serves us not. Trump for Pres!
 An FYI to all the DonaldTrump haters We've won. Most admit TRUMP CAN WIN. And   &amp;  - watch and learn
 Rush is on fire today!He really does have his finger on the pulse. The  shamers can't win against El Rushbo
 I truly believe  is America's best choice to get our economy back on course &amp; create needed jobs.
  The best Immigration Policy yet! Time for  to 
    agreed. We need  as president ASAP.
  It felt Like a moment of silence when U said  DOESN'T PLAY! Powerful Interview 
    just released immigration plan is superior to everyone else's. Including Cruz.
The polls have been really amazingwe are all tired of incompetent politicians and bad deals! I really enjoyed being at the Iowa State Fair. The crowds
.  Your father is a brilliant man with wonderful sense  therefore
  DonaldTrump is EVERYWHERE! At this moment he is the most famous person on Earth. And for a GOOD reason! 
    Donald Trump is Clint Eastwood
Just got back from the Iowa State Fair. Record crowds
LIVE on  Good morning Iowa! Let's    In the plane heading to Iowa State Fair. Will be great fun. Hopefully giving helicopter rides to some of the kids.
Making speech tonight in New Hampshire - leaving now. Fantastic people
. and  should change their fraudulent story to say THAT I DROPPED  &amp; The Apprentice to run for President!
People dont understand that I left The Apprentice to run for Presthe Apprentice DID NOT leave me. Bob Greenblatt &amp; folks  were GREAT!
Our campaign store is officially open! Visit Not under my watch-   completely right on China...just watch the news 
Our online campaign store is officially open! Visit My official  hat is now available online. To shop please visit The  is a catastrophe that must be stopped. Will lead to at least partial world destruction &amp; make Iran a force like never before.
 Only Trump can bring us back from 20 Trillion in debt... He's the only one with the experience and skill set to do so.
Will be interviewed by  tonight for the full hour. Hope you enjoy it and
Our online store is officially open! Visit     why are people scared of someone who wants to fix a broken system trump 2016
    . had a very good debate
. you can do much better than you did tonight on . Better luck tomorrow!
Why is  allowed to take advantage of the people of Kentucky by running for Senator and Pres. Why should Kentucky be back up plan?
We must stop the crime and killing machine that is illegal immigration. Rampant problems will only get worse. Take back our country!
  You're iconic! You are going down in the history books!   So nice
_Propsner  ...Don't give up
Truly weird Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky reminds me of a spoiled brat without a properly functioning brain. He was terrible at DEBATE!
Again
. Thank you so much for the wonderful statements you made about me on TV. Also
. I was pleased to see the wonderful statements you made about me to the media.I'm not surprised
. You were fantastic on television this weekend. Thank you so much  you are a loyal friend!
Frank was a great guy married to an absolutely wonderful woman . What a couple! Enough is Enough- no more Bushes! Roger Ailes just called. He is a great guy &amp; assures me that Trump will be treated fairly on . His word is always good!
Oh really
.
I will be interviewed on  Show at 700 A.M. and on Morning Joe at 720.
  No one knows more about business and the economy than you. You are what's right for America!
Wonderful Frank Gifford has just passed away at age 84. He was my friend and a truly great guy! Warmest condolences to family.
It amazes me that other  networks seem to treat me so much better than . I brought them the biggest ratings in history
I just realized that if you listen to Carly Fiorina for more than ten minutes straight
 DonaldTrump shaking things up in US elections. Jeb Bush is really weak. Carly Fiorina shud go back to HP
   TWITTER...has allowed the silent majority to have a voice and we want TRUMP 2016!!! 
  Nice try Jeb
_3_9_0  You got the the largest rating in HISTORY .. That should say all needed about you to !  You are being attacked from all sides
  it'll be my first year voting and guess who got my vote 
_frye  Finally a candidate that speaks on behalf of the people and not on behalf of the government. Go Donald!
 . you are the best candidate this great country has seen in decades. 
Small crowds at  today in Atlanta. People were very angry at EWErickson
Almost universal support that Trump won the debate. Only  is consistantly fighting the Trump win
Wow
. I miss you all
Re Megyn Kelly quote you could see there was blood coming out of her eyes
So many politically correct fools in our country. We have to all get back to work and stop wasting time and energy on nonsense!
_REPORT ROBINSON Establishment didn't get Trump fall they want....   Newsmax poll   Newsmax poll   your focus groups are rigged and your company ran out of $ in 2011. KEEP SPEAKING THE TRUTH! TRUMP 2016!
The hatred that clown  has for me is unbelievable  causes him to lie when many others say Trump easily won debate.
....Dopey  should be fired. 
. you should be ashamed of yourself. I got you the highest debate ratings in your history &amp; you say nothing but bad...
via Bloomberg Fox News Couldn't Kill Trump's Momentum

   TRUMP DOMINANT screams headline in today's Tampa Bay Times.      Out to get you with baited questions. She was angry at you. Very hostile and unprofessional
  Great Job!!! Winning the debate last night will take over half the field out
 poll  winner of last night's debate by wide margin.. 45% v.12% 
 Dear  
      Rosie O'Donnell was the best answer of that whole debate
_Anon63 I am a stone cold down to the bone democrat. But I will be voting  on Election Day.
    you tried to attack Trump
 TIME POLL  wins the first  by Wild Margin   final four-Trump
     Tell me what I can do to help you. She really has made me want to never watch fox again
     my vote remains for trump!
 I'm s lifelong liberal and have come to fucking love . He speaks the truth!
  is in a greater position w/ 52% to 12% _Report even after  &amp;  tried to take him out.
_inc   's behaviour at the  was astonishingly biased.
  your rocked &amp; won BIG TIME!!!! Make America Great Again Mr. Trump
  _REPORT Megyn could have done a far better job*
_Immnty  They tried to take you out &amp; your poll numbers skyrocketed. Voters matter
   I expected better from 
_Diederich     is that all you've got??? Haha.
     WAS A DISASTER ALSO.
 I gotta have  in the White House that'd be such a game changer
 Despite the hype
I really enjoyed the debate tonight even though the  trio
.
Wow
. I won every poll of the debate tonight by massive margins _REPORT &amp;   so where did you find that dumb panel.
 I'm getting a lot of  hatemail tonight.   She is totally overrated and angry. She really bombed tonite
. is a low class slob who came to my office looking for consulting work and I had zero interest. Now he picks anti-Trump panels!
    Fox viewers give low marks to bimbo   will consider other programs!
  The biggest loser in the debate was . You can't out trump Donald Trump. You will lose!
_rudyru _REPORT Excellent job!  You are real &amp; everyone saw that 2nite!  
Wow! What a great honor from _REPORT   When you have $18-$19 trillion in debt
Thank you  readers- a great honor!   Wow! What a great honor from _REPORT Just arrived for the   I look forward to tonight's debate  but look far more forward to making America great again. It can happen!
.
 Anyone would be lying if they said they werent tuning in to watch 
 The only reason most viewers will be watching the  tonight...   Tonights
  God Bless You Donald Trump. I am so glad you decided to run. The Democrats have run this Country into the ground.
   NBC says Trump leads with HS grads or less...doesn't bother saying Trump leads with college grads
 My dad is a Korean and Vietnam vet. 51 years total with Govt. He's 81 and sharp as a tack. You got his vote. Go Donald
    We shall see. All I know is The Donald is the only one who can !!!!!
 I can't remember a candidate that I've been this excited about  don't let us down! We believe! 
 Sunset reflects on  tower in Las Vegas. What a view!   backs down from nobody!!        The way DonaldTrump handled the release of his phone number compared to  tell you all you need to know.
   Yup. And Clinton's leaked meeting with The Donald because they are skeered of all his support.
 Trump is leading with almost every major group of Republican primary voters. _one23 Sure they want Mr. Trump  out. He can't be bought.    Hilary is trying to make Jeb the republican candidate b/c she is afraid of The Donald.  True!
AmyMek  Amen!  has drawn more attention to Veterans issues in 1 week than these politicians have in decades!
Wow! Such a wonderful article from fantastic peoplemy great honor! Poll Trump Leads GOP Field Among Hispanics
 If Jeb is the nominee Hillary is our next president.
  only attacks those that attack him first. He's not going to be abused by a    
  it should be an honor and a privilege to be in this country. Not a right. Make America great again! 
  You are the closest thing to Teddy Roosevelt. Tough as hell
Thank you.    make America great again. We're running out of time!
Thanks.     best response ever!  Give Trump lemons and he will sell them back to you for a steep profit.
Do you notice that Hillary spews out Jeb's name as often as possible in order to give him status? She knows Trump is her worst nightmare.
Many of Hillarys donors are the same donors as Jeb Bushsall rich
  Yet another illegal arrested for bludgeoning a woman. Stop the invasion.
  I support you because I know you are person who gets things done right. This nation needs someone like that.
  I have been hoping for a bigger than life candidate and I believe I finally have one. Go Donald. Thanks.
 Go Donald...Nowhere in the Constitution does it say that our President must be a lawyer/politician. Our founders weren't.
  the United states needs Donald Trump
_Beacham Trump Leads
  All Donald Trump knows how to do is win! Go Trump 2016! I do love winning!
    Trump is the only cand talking about building a wall on the border That's getting great attention Go Trump
 I'd be proud to say the first President I voted for was  
  oh yeah  you don't want it to be all about Trump- he's  1 not 
   ? You do realize  isnt the  enemy -  is.
        
  __Crocker  Donald Trump is full of honesty and sincerityon the other hand Hillary is a total liar
_stocks   winner Trump. get use to it.Trump2016
I will be on  tonight on  at 8 PM and 11 PM.
92-year-old registers to vote for first time

Thank you ! Call me on my cellphone 917.756.8000 and listen to my campaign message.
Diligence is the mother of good luck.  Benjamin Franklin
  _corsi    That is why I like Mr. Trump he speaks the truth and  stands by it.
 _corsi  we the people are making it quite clear Donald is the People's choice
Will be interviewed on _Joe at 73O. Enjoy!
_nancy  TRUMP STANDS FOR TRUTH
_trump4potus Trump continues to rise in the polls! The American People are speaking and speaking loudly.  
  Trump is surging
__Crocker   Trump opens his mouth
Thank you  for your nice comments on . A lot of progress is being made!
My   question for the other candidates-    Like Trump more &amp; more everyday
We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them.    Albert Einstein
New Poll Shows Donald Trump Blowing Everyone Else Out of the Water. It came out that Huma Abedin knows all about Hillarys private illegal emails. Humas PR husband
. Thanks Judy for the wonderful statements on . Great seeing you there &amp; you did a fabulous job on commentary.
. Thanks for nice comments over weekend re Turnberry. You and your husband have fantastic taste! Also
Despite the false  story about Jeb Bush being happy with the Trump surge
Wow
  We have to vote for  ! Our nation can't afford another ! 
 I can't wait to be able to tell my kids I voted for   
_weiser     It's a trailblazing campaign A campaign that connects to people!
  you'll be the first person I ever vote for. 
Bush is pretending that the Trump surge is great for him and the  is  reporting Bush delight - con job
  huge supporter out here in Alaska! Let's make this country great again!
 How will anybody beat Isis besides Trump. They have never made a deal with another country
    WE LOVE U TRUMP
  will win every state in 2016.   I've been supporting you since I was 12 can I get a fav or something 
   got up extra early to watch Mr. Trump's interview   Great.
   Thats early here in Vegas
 . Polls show [ would] be the GOP nominee if the vote was held today.    TRUMP 2016!! PERIOD.....
    Only those who aren't brain-dead. Time to take back our country &amp; Mr. Trump is the ONLY man who can.
   AMERICA WANTS TRUMP
   -  
_ariel   looking forward to it!
   I'll be watching it. Can't wait until you become our president Trump.
 RT  I will be interviewed on  tomorrow morning at 700. Enjoy!
   Trumps the Man of 2016!
 There is no way President Trump loses this election. He will win by historical landslide. Will be greatest  ever! Thanks
  Mr. Trump you are the next President of the United States. And the next President Reagan.God Bless America
_KathyA_1 We'll be watching.  2016! Will      Donald Trump summed up in one word.....TRAILBLAZER !!! Thanks.
  Congratulations on leading the polls currently and for acquiring the Center Stage Position In The Upcoming Debates!
I will be interviewed on  tomorrow morning at 700. Enjoy!
     Amen! GOP elite called Reagan a cowboy
 DOMINATING SOCIAL MEDIA! 's twitter edge         The GOP TREETED Reagan the same way. Until he beat em then turned into ass kissers
    He has MY vote too! 
          _Red_Hair2 . will get things done for America I wish good luck to all of the Republican candidates that traveled to California to beg for money etc. from the Koch Brothers. Puppets?
Watch my interview with  on  today at 1130AM ET
   is worth more than ALL of the other Presidential candidates combined and plenty more.
 Trump is polling well because he speaks his mind. Not like some of the career politicians he's running against. Cowards.
 Difference Between Politicians and  = 

If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing

Wow
Will be leaving Trump Turnberry tomorrowplace &amp; Women's British Open are great. Will be back hitting hard tomorrow. 
Should not raise taxes in Wisconsin
Thank you for your service!  Thank you.  The polls have been consistently great. The silent majority is speaking. Politicians are failing. !
I look forward to the debate on Thursday night &amp; it is certainly my intention to be very nice &amp; highly respectful of the other candidates.
Just at a news conference from Trump Turnberry in Scotland. Everybody was there &amp; will be all over television tonite. Back on trail Saturday
Carl Cameron  is the only reporter I know who consistently fumbles &amp; misrepresents poll results. He has been so wrong &amp; he hates it!
 The alpha male in the 2016 race  
 confident
  The only candidate who will not owe favors to campaign contributors
   He's not for sale like the politicians are! That's why he gives us truth! Trump for Prez! 
     we love  &amp; thankful
  I love the fact you can't be bought...
_lisa_m   Just updated voter registration in FL 
   Latinos for Trump believes in Trump
Getting ready to leave for my GREAT resort
I really like the Koch Brothers (members of my P.B. Club)
Thank you. People like lawyer Elizabeth Beck and failed writer Harry Hurt &amp; others talk about me but know nothing about mecrazy!
How can a dummy dope like Harry Hurt
Trump Will Make America GREAT!!!!

... while Tom Brady is guilty because he REPLACED his LEGAL cellphone?
Per  Why does Hillary Clinton get the benefit of the doubt (after she DESTROYS her illegal email server) ...
Via  by  Shock poll Donald Trump leads Jeb Bush 26-20%  in Florida   You are blowing everyone else away. Not just ahead
This is an outrage! Bias-Free Language Guide claims the word 'American' is 'problematic'  WHAT?!       Trump's work ethic gives me hope - he's a tireless and smart worker a winner not a whiner.
I truly LOVE all of the millions of people who are sticking with me despite so many media lies. There is a great SILENT MAJORITY looming!
Thank you _Joe for throwing the pathetic reporter from the failing and money losing Daily Beast off the air. Really cool!
So many people who know nothing about me are commenting all over T.V. and the media as though they have great D.J.T. insight. Know NOTHING!
.  Why is somebody (Beck) I beat so soundly all of a sudden an expert on Donald Trump (all over television). She knows nothing about me.
.CNN &amp;   Lawyer Elizabeth Beck did a terrible job against me
Lawyer Elizabeth Beck was easy for me to beat. Ask her clients if they are happy with her results against me. Got total win and legal fees.
. &amp;  did not say that lawyer Beck lost the case and I got legal fees. Also
  Mr.Trump
Public Policy Polling (PPP) has just come out with a major poll putting me  with Hispanics - leading all Republican candidates.Told you so
 .DonaldTrump leads w/ Hispanics. Christie
Via  by  TRUMP OBAMA SHOULDNT ATTACK AMERICANS OVERSEAS
A nation WITHOUT BORDERS is not a nation at all. We must have a wall. The rule of law matters. Jeb just doesnt get it.
While Im beating my opponents in the polls
Government's first duty is to protect the people
We can make Washington work for us. Its time for real leadership. Lets !  Obamas nuclear deal with the Iranians will lead to a nuclear arms race in the Middle East. It has to be stopped.
Via  Trump Doubled Down  and It Worked

 PLUNDER AND DECEIT

Via cnsnews by  Trump Explains His Appeal 'People Are Tired...Of These Incompetent Politicians' . will go down as one of the dumbest &amp; most dangerous misjudgments ever entered into in history of our countryincompetent leader!
Via  by Poll Trump has twice the support of Bush in New Hampshire

My  int. with  on Obama being all talk &amp; no action &amp; making America Great Again! We must protect our veterans.  Thank you  for your nice words. I am rapidly becoming a  fan!

After all is said and done
  The people of NH know what the American people know Trump is the only one with any CLUE about how to fix things
   veterans for Trump 2016
    McCain   hasn't done anything for the Vets; fact! He only talks about himself! 
 's toast. Dems had better get theB Team off the bench.  for Attorney General under President Trump
. was fantastic tonight on . Thank you
Thank you  for the great job you did on . Great energy and smarts! I will not let you down.
    We love him! I love his truth telling. That he's so real and calls it how he sees it. 
 &amp; Hillary could stand to learn a thing or two from  about making America great again Will be interviewed tonight on  at 1000. There is so much to talk about!
Boston's Mayor Walsh wasted a lot of time and money on going for the Olympics
 Donald Trump leads in new  polls..   Ill be on  tonight at 10 PM and look forward to it. Lots to discuss!  Enjoy.
Be in Turnberry on Thurs AM for start of Women's British Open
I own Turnberry
 The Media hates Trump b/c he's a Proud American Entrepreneur who loves his country
. who couldn't get elected dog catcher in NH forgot to mention my phenomenal biz success rate 99.2%  Twitter loves Trump. 1000's of retweets for Mr. Trump while  gets 5 to 10 !
Thanks Lou. Veterans
We must build a wall to secure our border. It will save lives and help Make America Great Again! Iowans Drawn to Donald Trump Praise His Antiestablishment Bent Via  by  Strong Showings for Donald Trump in Iowa and New Hampshire Polls    More people r gravitating to  because they're tired of all the usual BS
Thanks. _my_note No wonder why  is ahead in the presidential polls.. People are tired of the same old crap from Washington!
. While I think you should have gone to prison for what you did
 Everyone else have fun being politically correct. Meanwhile
  is the real deal. Hes not running for his health. Believes in the Red White &amp; Blue.
 I don't get the media??Trump is ahead in every poll
   you're damn right we want the truth
When people find out how bad a job Scott Walker has done in WI
Great news
 Caught 's speech from Iowa. Why is the media portraying him so poorly? Guy has passion
Thank you
Thank you
  Mr Trump you're a breath of fresh air all these career politicians are not doing the business for the people
 DonaldTrump Iowa speech excellent. Particularly the end about Israel and Iran. More foreign policy please. You have my vote.
   Agreed! We need you!
   I've been awake
  Great speech in Iowa....Obama/Kerry throw Israel under the bus.
 Obama is in Africa pledging 1billion dollars to help them. How about that money to help America. Trump for POTUS.
 Before Mr. Trump's Presidential bid
  I know seniors that are in 70s and go to shooting ranges weekly to protect their family and self !
  Washington politicians are either dishonest or incompetent. Must be
    We SHALL make America great again.
  ScottWalker THANK YOU FOR SAYING WHAT THE MEDIA HASNT SAID ABOUT WALKER. Wisconsin is a hot mess and it's his fault.
_ao    will shake up politics like no other ever could or will. 
  Team Trump all the way!
_In_The_Hole Our leaders are dummies. They don't know what's going on. It's true
 America needs  !   
 Outsider Donald Trump assesses &amp; addresses major American problems. What has Congress been doing for the past 7 years?
  The lion does not concern himself with the opinion of sheep
_life Politician Have Been Running(Ruining) America For Years; Lets Change That Now -Trump 2016 - iluvamerica4trump2016.com
 .   You understand McCain is a RINO Senator who voters can't stand &amp; who's over stayed his welcome?
_54   MSM can't push DonaldTrump around. _life  Silent Warriors 4 Trump 2016 - Vets! Lets Take America Back! - silentwarriors4trump2016.com
_life  I Luv America 4 Trump 2016 - Lets Make America Great Again! - iluvamerica4trump2016.com
  attack Walker on Common Core. State grassroots not happy with him on CC inaction.
    JebBush I think we the people would prefer many other choices over jeb....
   Putin knows that Obama is a danger to the world. Putin will respect President Trump True!
 In full support of  for ! No reason he shouldn't win the  nomination.  
_John_Handel   and Walker is destroying once great Wisconsin universities.
  unless u got cheese for brains you are not voting for walker ! NEXT
 .DonaldTrump Ask  why he left 1
_USA I'm a 10th generation American of Spanish descent I support DonaldTrump Hispanic DOESN'T mean ILLEGAL 
. is a nice guy
  vets tired of McCain using them as talking points and photo ops
_kelley  AMEN. Thank you Trump
  College students love trump. Never change.  Great.
   GIVE THEM HELL.
  I just listened to this speech and loved it!
   Trump is the only candidate who doesn't test his statements before focus groups to be sure no one is offended. True
  He built up his company to be prosperous and successful. Why can't he do the same with America? 
  DonaldTrump-Love him! It's time to run America like a business. We've given all our wealth to China n Mexico!! No more!
_pluth  Hats off to  for sticking it to liberal msm.  A horrible newspaper
  If I were Walker
  veterans for Trump 2016
 Whoa!  shoots up to 28% in YouGov from 15% two wks ago; outperforms McCain in favorables among Vets. Great
 Please don't change a thing. Your attitude is exactly what this country needs.No tip-toeing
  Tweet of the Hour in USA politics  by   TRUMP ON JOBS. pls rt Always great to speak with Veterans - our nation's heroes. We will Make America Great Again! Great success in Iowa today. Fantastic sold out crowd. Will be back soon!
Packed venue of people who want to  Supporters waiting to hear me speak in Oskaloosa
. despite your coming to my office to give me an award
. Congratulations on your engagement - he is a lucky guy. You are a true winner and will be an amazing couple.
. is a big contributor to  . Anybody against Planned Parenthood should boycott racial profiling Macys.
Isn't it funny that I am now  in the money losing  (poll)
The ultra liberal and seriously failing Des Moines Register is BEGGING my team for press credentials to my event in Iowa today-but they lie!
   Trump in office restores US swagger.
   Donald Trump if he stops running for president he's not what we the people think he is. Will never happen!
   the Donald is crushing it
Big poll just out by  has me in 1st. place by a lot. A great honor but we have a long way to go to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Getting ready to go to Iowa today. Big crowd - will be a great day!
  WHAT U REALLY SHOULD B ANGRY ABT IS THE INVASION OF MILLIONS OF ILLEGALS TKING OVER AMERICA! NOT DonaldTrump
  you're going to turn America around Donald I can feel it
  Please Mr. Trump keep the pressure on and bring change to this country!!!!!
_Bella   MY GOD! WHY can't the GOP see that Trump is doing this solely 4 R country! He HAD a VERY comfortable life!
 In my Lifetime I've Never Seen Americans Energized
  if trump is not on that stage no one will watch  So true!
  Reaganomics created 16 million new jobs and Trumpenomics will create 16 million more
    If not for Donald
   I hear same doubters as I heard when Reagan ran against Carter. Press said he'd lose. Reagan WON.
Via  by  DONALD TRUMP SURGES TO COMMANDING LEAD IN POST-MCCAIN BACKLASH POLL Isnt it amazing that  paid a massive fine for profiling African Americans&amp; then criticized me for discussing illegal immigration!
Thank you .  It's time to ! I hope you are doing well! . has written a great book
  I appreciate that you don't apologize when someone is offended by what you say. 
True! True
 Via Economist/YouGov 7242015      Finally someone who is not sugar coating the mess in this country!!!
  Mr Trump thanks for saying what millions are thinking. We need to turn America around if we want to save her.
  1/2 of new California drivers licenses go to undocumented immigrants. Read the Sac' Bee
It is time to send someone from the outside to fix DC from the inside. Lets Make America Great Again! Be sure to get a copy of 's new book
From an amazing day on the border in Laredo. Arriving to check out the border. I love Bluffton
DC has shrunk our military and exploded our country with debt. We cant send another politician to the White House When will anyone be held accountable for the VA scandal? The politicians are experts in never facing any consequence.
. watched you on . You were great and I appreciate the nice statements. Im sending out for your new book now!
Great read  How New York's Veterans Day Parade Became 'America's Parade'    Here's a crazy thought.  Maybe Trump is gaining traction because HE'S RIGHT?
  What frightens them abt Trump is his totally NON POLITICAL CORRECT nature~Donald is shaking up the house!
True.   clearly puts this country first! Security
  Please be careful there
Thoughts &amp; prayers with everyone in Lafayette
Youre just not getting there . Sometimes things just dont work out
_gal Been a long time since I've cared abt politics since the GOP been a disaster. That's changed bc of YOU. Love U! 
. watched youon . Made some excellent points. Best Wishes.
 Don't let the press put words in your mouth!   Awesome job at the border! You're doing great!
  If all the Hispanics hate the 
_hose  I like  . He isn't fake. He tells you the truth not what you wanna hear.
Great!    is the only candidate that isn't politically correct and that speaks the truth on what's on his mind!
  is exactly what we need. He says what the others are too afraid to say! I'm for him 110%.  Thanks.
Thanks.    Mr. Trump thank you! For having a clue and not being afraid of what others think or say about you. I want my country back!
True!   Michael Cohen on Wolf Blitzer            travels DonaldTrump Can't wait to hear the report later today! TY for all you are doing to take this Country back
  please be careful  Thank you!
 Plz stay safe dear Sir
  Keep telling it like it is. Refreshing no political BS
Getting ready to lift off for Laredo. Will land at 1OO P.M. Should be exciting and informative!
.   Bill
What a waste of time being interviewed by  when he puts on really stupid talking heads likeTim O'Brien-dumb guy with no clue!
 Media attacking you early this morning. A GOOD SIGN!America is proud of you for ignoring the MEDIA &amp; telling it like it is!
 Congress Can't Find Money for Veterans *Houses
    MCCAIN WHO?  Give Donald Trump Standing Ovation   Anderson Cooper only wants to hear his answers. Mr. Trump tells the truth and can't be bought Democrat for Trump
Boycott 
   We the people are so tired of all the guys talking the same old same Donald will back up his words!!!!
.  Has the absolutely worst anti-Trump talking heads on his show. Dopey writer O'brian knows nothing about me or my wealth. A waste!
  I am a veteran from Arizona John McCain voted to give illegal Aliens benefits &amp; take them from disabled Vets
  The other candidates are scared. Trump tells it like it is. Maybe rich
   America Hears You Donald!!! And The People You Are Running Against Will Hear All Of Us Soon! Donald Donald
 Hey  check out Access Hollywood . you were terrific on  tonight. I am going to the border tomorrow.
   mr trump
 We don't know Trump positions &amp; he's dominating polls.  should learn we don't want soft PC Focus Group driven speeches 
_   I am not impressed with Luntz. Never have been. What makes him an expert - he has a good racket going.
. knows nothing about me or my religion. Came to my office looking for work. I had NO interest. I will save the vets!
 Donald Trump was Right ! McCain amongst other RNC's voted to cut US Military Veterans Pensions.    is leaving Rick Perry in the dust
Via  by  Brody File Exclusive Donald Trump Comes Out In Support Of 20 Week Abortion Ban It's going to take an outsider to clean up after Clinton
Lets Trump the Establishment! We are no longer silent. We will Make America Great Again! Shouldnt George Will have to give a disclaimer every time he is on Fox that his wife works for Scott Walker?
Will be interviewed by  on  tonight. Lets see if he treats me fairlyenjoy!
Obama still will keep all military recruitment centers &amp; bases Gun Free Zones! It has to stop. MILITARY LIVES MATTER!
Donald Trump on VA woes Id fire everybody; you fix it by getting Trump elected Via  BreitbartNews by  DONALD TRUMP HEADING TO TEXAS BORDER Thank you  for your commentary last night on . Very fair  we are making progress together!
I'm going to the BORDER tomorrow. Will be seeing some really brave people. Look forward to a big day!
. in my office last cycle playing nice and begging for my support and money. Hypocrite! True
    keep punching
 Will be the the Leader that everyone wants! Cant be sold and speaks the truth! Everyone run!  No matter what  says the media and the republican establishment will attack it. Time for something that works!
 reminds me of Reagan his first time.Everyone was like is he for real Yup! Libs hate him and make fun of him. IM ON BOARD
   _Williams  Donald Trump is the new Ronald Reagan!  Thank you.
 I don't care what people say
_laneIf you don't want Trump as president
 _Williams   Mr. Trump has the stones to tell the truth about this country! no more career politicians
   In God we trust and in Donald we trust
 Many are missing the point
    Trump is the Alpha of the  candidates
I hear a failing New York newspaper is going to publish one of my old cell phone numbers. So original - just one of many!
   tell your owner Murdoch we are turning Fox off if he keeps belittling . No Fox!
Great day today in South Carolina. Fantastic capacity crowd
Via  Mother of Murdered Teen Thanks Donald Trump During Senate Hearing My response to the failing Des Moines Register
  All Talk No Walk. Old Politics. Let's Go   
  don't get discouraged
  GOP establishment forgets that Donald does not speak nor act like a 'retail politician'.
I'm glad President Obama followed my lead and lowered the flags half-staff. It's about time!
   Any candidate that says Trump or anyone else should step down for speaking his mind should himself step down.
Flags to be flown at Half-Staff at all Trump Properties in Honor of the Five Fallen Soldiers-Response to the Des Moines Register- Via  by  &amp;  Disavowed by GOP leaders

.  You're one of the truly great competitiors. Ive said it for years. Great going winning  - Not surprised!
. is much smarter than sleepy eyes     Rick Perry did an absolutely horrible job of securing the border. He should be ashamed of himself. Gov. Abbott has since been terrific.
Good luck to my new friends on your testimony in DC. You are amazing people doing something so important- stopping illegal immigration!
 Trump has no problem telling it how it is
Just got great national poll numbers - double digit lead!  Thank you
  support surges even higher after  statement. Why?  Trump is a fighter.   If Donald Trump isn't my president by 2017 I'm gettin' the h**k outta here!  
 I truly love this Land of the Free and I know that DonaldTrump will cut through the confusion and Make America Great Again!
   _Clay   Vietnam Veterans Against McCain-_ritch The reason Trump is the man... He wants Americans to work not illegal aliens. they live better than we do illegally.
  has the balls to say what needs to be said and I love it
 Donald Trump is the man. And people don't appreciate his honesty.  Thank you.
 I'm  &amp; I KNOW without a doubt that DonaldTrump is THE ONLY ANSWER to get the  out of this mess!
    I'm a veteran. I'm not offended by Trump
 I'm very sure that  does things excellently  Can't Be Bought  -   _Clay    but McCain is not a hero. McCain abandoned POW   check out mccains record on blocking legislation - blocking Mia/pow records
_Party_Chris          _Beiss     Phoenix VA
  doesn't need the influence peddlers money so he can be his own man  So true.
    Well get your facts straight. McCain was so bad he gave us Obama. He gave arms to Islamic terrorists
  _  Keep going on
Wow
 FOX NEWS-Get your facts straight! Trump did not put down Vets-he put down a clown named McCain! 
_  your the only person who really wants to save America
  i've never felt more strongly about anything in my life
     Ben Carson has not criticized Trump! And there's no need to mention Dr. Carson's education!
  we need your help Donald! Make us great again!
  The more the media attacks you
 Proud of you  keep cutting through the  and tell it like it is
  Keep going Mr trump America needs you
 America needs  !!!  
 _Cohn  Not a huge surprise all day T.V. is all about  and nothing about BernieSanders
   Your the opening story on every political show
 You nailed it on  tonite. You say what most middle class folks YELL at their TV every night - you speak 4 us
  I'm convinced. Let's go Trump. 
  You're killing Jeb in the polls! Keep it up!
   !
_Red_Hair . - u hit a home run on THE FACTOR
 ON TOP  The GOP
 It doesn't matter what the media thinksIt matters what the American people think  Keep It Up! 
 I'm going to listen to  LONG before I listen to georgelopez 
  SenJohnMcCain is always talking
   I'll watch anything that gives you a chance to share your views. Go donald.
  Great interview! Give Trump a hot mic and watch out! It is the rawness
I will be interviewed on  tonight at 800. Will be talking about the poor treatment of our veterans
Look how small the pages have become . Looks like a tabloidsaving money I assume!
This story is no longer about John McCain
It was only after I informed NBC that I wouldn't do the Apprentice that they became upset w/ me. They couldnt care less about inclusion
_  I agree 100%. McCain is fighting for illegal immigrant but never did anything for our Vets.
 _2     ...rest of GOP only cries but Trump gets stuff DONE
  the left is petrified of you! Why else would they be attacking you so vigorously?
   Trump already hosts vets at his resorts. What does Hillary do?
 Trump says things that no one else would even consider saying
_EOD  I believe we have passed that point. There are Homeless Veterans in USA &amp; yet Illegal Aliens get Government Housing
  hosts events around the  4our . Long before a presidential run. He loves our military.
 This is big criticism of the Republican field. Speak truth and stop being so PC. This is why  resonates!
   At least we're talking about the ! We weren't a month ago!  
We will soon be at a point with our incompetent politicians where we will be treating illegal immigrants better than our veterans.
The ever dwindling  which is worth about 1/10 of what it was purchased for
  Glad U R Man Enough 2 Speak the Truth in this Pathetic Politically Correct World!
   Trump is the only person we believe will actually set things right.
 RT  My  piece Trump I don't need to be lectured      The truth hurts sometimes
_3v  you have the guts and backbone this country politics has needed for years.  
  Will make the best President ever
     WE LOVE YOU TRUMP!!! TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT! 
_US_now __62   ...what do you say now???   Voters LIKE tough and smart... that's why we are voting TRUMP 2016!!
    Gotta love the honesty
  trump for president   that's all the career politicians do is talk
  ...RN for 27 yrs. Veterans have less benefits than medicaid recipients. Thnx for speaking
  Bravo for saying whats on most of Americans mind. Lets make America great
_vince The left wing politically correct cannot handle big don giving the truth....reality....keep saying it like it is !!!!
_rant They can't handle you Donald so want you out the race
 McCain epitomizes the career politicians who have gotten us into our $19 TRILLION train-wreck
My  piece Trump I don't need to be lectured I will be making some very big campaign stops next week - big crowds and tremendous  energy!  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
The Republican Party must get tougher and smarter
A true piece about the standing ovations I got yesterday The Veterans Administration is in shambles and our veterans are suffering greatly. John McCain has done nothing to help them but talk.
John McCain called thousands of people crazies when they came to seek help on illegal immigration last week in Phoenix. He owes apology!
_79   Why do they attack Mr Trump? Because he has something they dont. The ability of truth! Trump is here!
_cheri   Mr Trump the only one telling the truth. Liberals can't stand the fact that your are leading in the poll
   kick there ass Trump
   I'm on the 
   Because she shoots straight like you do
Wow
One of the reasons I am no fan of John McCain is that our Vets are being treated so badly by him and the politicians. I will fix VA quickly.
Via  Donald Trump John McCain Is A Loser Why would anybody listen to ? He lost an election that should have easily been won against Obama. By the way
Congrats to the new Gov. of Texas
I have a proven track record supporting our Veterans. Veterans deserve universal access to care. VA scandal proves politicians are inept.
....that has served our country is put on a waiting list and gets no care.
It's a national embarrassment that an illegal immigrant can walk across the border and receive free health care and one of our Veterans.....
I will make this right for our great Vets!
All he does is go on television is talk
....John McCain has failed miserably to fix the situation and to make it possible for Veterans to successfully manage their lives.
The Veterans of our country have been treated like third class citizens for many years...
Captured or not
In addition to doing a lousy job in taking care of our Vets
Just left Family Leadership Summit in Iowa
Statement on John McCain- I am now in Iowa getting ready to speak. People are always amazed to find out that I am Protestant (Presbyterian). GREAT.
The $10 billion (net worth) is AFTER all debt and liabilities. So simple to understand but  &amp;  is just plain dumb!
Ratings starved  and  does not cover me accurately. Why can't they get it right - it's really not that hard!
Made a speech in Arkansas last night before a record GOP crowd. Great spirit and amazing people. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
It's driving  &amp; the money losing  post crazy that I am  in their poll and they only write bad stories about me!
The liberal clown   told her minions at the money losing  to cover me as enterainment. I am  in Huff Post Poll.
 . makes me proud to be an American So nice
  your what America needs Donald!  Thank you.
   it doesn't matter how you vote for Donald
  has all of my support!!
  The  has your back! TRUMP FOR PREZ!
  if you don't win I'm moving to Europe. We will all win together!
 This is the first time in my adult life that I have been excited about an election  
  for our next President !!
 .I am always on the road. I am gonna do the absentee ballot thing in the primary's and Mr Trump has my vote
.






. really great job handling the wise guys - so easy for you- such talent! I wont forget.
Response to Huffington Post- Via  Via  by  Via - God's word is the same
Donald Trump was proven right on another one of his top issues Thursday 'gun free zones' at military bases. Via  March
We will no longer be silent. We can take our country back! Lets Make America Great Again! MILITARY LIVES MATTER! END GUN FREE ZONES! OUR SOLDIERS MUST BE ABLE TO PROTECT THEMSELVES! THIS HAS TO STOP!
Looking forward to speaking at the  Reagan-Rockefeller Dinner tonight! Record crowd. We are no longer silent! !
I had thousands join me in New Hampshire last night!  had 68. The  is fed up with what is going on in America!
    The whole Gov. needs to be remodeled
 It would be to cool if  was the president. Thanks!
   Trump speaks the truth about foolish leaders negotiating and you hate the truth McCain
Get rid of gun free zones. The four great marines who were just shot never had a chance. They were highly trained but helpless without guns.
Thoughts and prayers to the families of the four great Marines killed today.
. failed on the border. He should be forced to take an IQ test before being allowed to enter the GOP debate.
. just gave a pollster quote on me. He doesn't understand what the word demagoguery means.
. should be defeated in the primaries. Graduated last in his class at Annapolisdummy!
The thousands of people that showed up for me in Phoenix were amazing Americans.  called them craziesmust apologize!
CNN New GOP polls show Trump's favorability is up 
No government ever voluntarily reduces itself in size. So governments' programs
More Bush cronyism  Jeb Bush and the Common Core Money Trail

We need leaders who can negotiate great deals for Americans. It is common sense. Lets Make America Great Again! Leaving for New Hampshire now. Making a speechpacked house.  Love it!
The Iran deal poses a direct national security threat. It must be stopped in Congress. Stand up Republicans!
The worst show in Las Vegas
Dopey  ODonnell
No deal is better than a bad deal. America out negotiated again.  
FLASHBACK  Donald Trump Blasts Obama for Failing to Secure Christian Pastors Freedom in Iran  Via  by  Trump Talks Politics at His Virginia Winery Via  Trump is Right Illegal Alien Crime is Staggering in Scope and Savagery 30
Is this true about Univision and Fusion? Wow!?!  Via  by Steve Bannon TIME TO GET TOUGH TRUMPS BLOCKBUSTER POLICY MANIFESTO   as a legal immigrant I'm so glad someone standing up for us
   The Democratic party has never given latinos anything! Just manipulate them through Univision.
They are great people! Thank you.  I literally give a fist pump when I see  tell things the way they are &amp; calling out those with no credibility
   . And the Donald owes NOTHING to lobbyists.
   Yea
   we never shopped at Macy's anyway &amp; will now encourage three daughters not to as well
. wasted $400 million + and didnt win one racea total loser. 
. You shouldnt have  on the airhes a clown with zero credibilitya Bushy!
. Great talking to you and your parentsfantastic people. Keep your sisters very important memory alivebig impact!
. Thank you
    GO TRUMP
I hope the boycott of  continues forever. So many people are cutting up their cards. Macy's stores suck and they are bad for U.S.A.
I loved firing goofball atheist Penn  on The Apprentice. He never had a chance. Wrote letter to me begging for forgiveness.
I hear  show on Broadway is terrible. Not surprised
Irrelevant clown  sweats and shakes nervously on  as he talks bull about me. Has zero cred. Made fool of himself in '12.
 Donald Trump is one of the sexiest men on this planet. Every woman dreams of a good man who tells it like it is. So true!
 Clearly Trump gets social media. His tweets are everywhere &amp; no sugar coating
  it's been a long time since I've been excited about a candidate. How refreshing to have a bold voice. Go Trump!
Thank you Piers. . You were fabulous on CNN last nightI greatly appreciate your support.  Best wishes.
.  is dominating the discussion on Twitter with 79352 mentions today (via . should not put  onhe has no credibility
Why do people listen to clown  on ? Spent $430M &amp; lost all racesa Bushy!
. Thank you for yr wonderful tweet of July 4. I wanted a little time to go by before calling. Your sister &amp; family are amazing.
 AMAZING press conference by  w/ parents of kids killed by illegals.
_techpro It's way worse than we know.Just read  -be educated!!    I think DonaldTrump has struck a cord! 30
  HIGH NUMBERS SHOW DONALD TRUMP IS BEATING HIS RIVALS IN THE POLLS
Via The Hill Trump Tops National Poll for Second Straight Week    Would the people of US prefer a liar  or a man that speaks the truth and facts!! No Brainer hey!
We are no longer silent. We are energized &amp; ready to take our country back. Lets Make America Great Again!    Amazing work trump! I believe you will do the same for our country.
Getting ready to land in Charlottesville
Who do you want negotiating for us? Response to Hillary Clinton- I can't believe that President Obama isn't able or willing to make just one phone call to the family of Kate Steinle.Come on Pres-MAKE CALL!
A nation without borders is no nation at all. We must build a wall. Lets Make America Great Again! Matt Harvey   Don't let the  get you down-nobody reads it. Play well.
Ford is MOVING jobs from Michigan to Mexico AGAIN!    Go Donald! Show them what a real man is!
  love you
 LEGAL Latino Immigrants talk to me in factories &amp; warehouses. Want to know why OBAMA to give AMNESTY? They did it RIGHT!
_AQT4U Obama - just retire I'm ready for a real Leader !!   Please Hurry up and Get to The WHITE House !
Let Pete Rose into the Baseball Hall of Fame. It's time
 Huffington Post has  in first place in the polls I am so happy that people are boycotting Macy's Very nice -   has me in first place at 18% and Bush second at 14% I absolutely support Kates Lawin honor of the beautiful Kate Steinle who was gunned down in SF by an illegal immigrant.
 Part of me really
Rush Limbaugh Trump Has Changed the Entire Debate on Immigration Have some fun with this- El Chapo comes to the U.S. often thru our borderit's been revealed he has CA drivers license. Mexicos totally corrupt govt looks horrible with El Chapos escapetotally corrupt. U.S. paid them $3 billion.
The joke around town is that I freed El Chapo from the Mexican prison because the timing was so good w/ my statements on border security.
. Greatly appreciate yr wonderful comments this weekend. People of great accomplishment should easily quality for prez.
Isnt it interesting that now that Im  in the polls
     SAY IT LOUD &amp; SAY IT PROUD - - WE WANT TRUMP!!!!!!
When will people
....likewise
El Chapo and the Mexican drug cartels use the border unimpeded like it was a  vacuum cleaner
The U.S. will invite El Chapo
.....but that's what I've been saying. Very unfair treatment by the media!
Now that the Mexican drug lord escaped from prison
I hear that sleepy eyes  will be fired like a dog from ratings starved Meet The Press? I can't imagine what is taking so long!
...Trump
Can you envision Jeb Bush or Hillary Clinton negotiating with 'El Chapo'
Sleep eyes  is killing Meet The Press. Isn't he pathetic? Love watching him fail!
Mexico's biggest drug lord escapes from jail. Unbelievable corruption and USA is paying the price.  I told you so!
Phoenix Convention Center officials did not want to have thousands of people standing outside in the heat
Convention Center officials in Phoenix don't want to admit that they broke the fire code by allowing 12-15
Via  by  TRUMP PREACHES PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH IN PHOENIX I will not be able to attend the Miss USA pageant tomorrow night because I am campaigning in Phoenix. Wishing all well!
Legal immigrants want border security. It is common sense. We must build a wall! Let's Make America Great Again! Great  segment with  Breaking Down the Trump Factor Today I am standing with patriots in Arizona for border security! Build a wall! Let's Make America Great Again! Today I will be rallying with with 15
Via  by _lee Father of murder victim to introduce Trump in Phoenix _Scott I want people to come into the country. Let it be legal
Getting ready to go to Las Vegas (Freedom Fest) - great crowd. Then on to amazing Phoenix - that will be a total happening! Love America.
 I always said I will not vote until I truly believe in a good leader
  Trump 2016 yard signs. Where can we get them?  Everywhere!
_lemoine  The competition tries to fake it till they make it. Trump the REAL deal!
     The establishment Republicans and the Democrats are absolutely 100% terrified of you !!
  I love what you want to do with this country!!
 Aren't U angry how the media has turned DonaldTrump SLAM against illegal immigration into him hating all immigrants
   Mr Trump I have never been so excited to vote for somebody in my life .I'm literally hanging on your every word
  when Fox News tries to push Jeb on their viewers
Boycott  and . MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Has anyone seen the financials of . They are doing really badly. Too much debt and not enough viewers. Need money fast. Funny!
    both fools &amp; out of touch with reality! We need Trump. 
 There's no republican field at all. When the  is in play
The Republicans who want to cut SS &amp; Medicaid are wrong. A robust economy will Make America Great Again! Via  by  Donald Trump To Brody File in 2011 People Send Me Bibles A strong military will stop wars. Peace through Strength! Lets Make America Great Again! Tone it down? No way! Donald Trump needs to crank up the volume I love that thousands of people are boycotting  and cutting up credit cards. No guts no glory. This really backfired - love it!
Look forward to being in Phoenix tomorrow at 200 P.M. Hottest ticket in entire country. Was supposed to be 500 people
Standing with Jamiel Shaw
Our biggest problems are solved by growth. We need a President who is a job creator. Lets Make America Great Again!  Please follow  ...We already know what all the other politicians will do.   
LauraMassive crowd
Via  by  Polls show President Trump may not be so far-fetched I want to  Jeb Bush just announced he raised over $100M. Everyone of those people who contributed are getting something to the detriment of America!
  keep speaking truth!! There are many of us who want America great again! Thank you!
 Stay the course Mr. Trump! It's easier for others to attack you because you are saying the things that they won't. 
Iran continues to delay the nuclear deal while doing many bad things behind our backs. Time to WALK and double the sanctions. Stop payments!
Via  WHOA Trump changing venues for Saturday rally in Arizona due to OVERWHELMING RESPONSE BREAKING - Border security rally in Phoenix
I'm on 's  tonight  &amp; '   10PM discussing immigration and lots of other things.
Via  by  Trump RNC call was 'congratulatory'

EXCLUSIVE  DONALD TRUMP ON THE GOP PRIMARY IF I WIN
Via  by Katie McHughPOLL DONALD TRUMP LEADS THE PACK AS GOP FRONTRUNNER Obama and Republicans are hollowing out our military. Now want to cut troop levels. Lowest level in over 20 years.
The elites want Common Core so they can take education out of parental control. NO! Let's Make America Great Again! True
  let Trump speak. He is only saying what the rest of us
Thanks. TRUMP BATTLES THE NEW TOTALITARIANS GOP elites join with leftists at Media Matters in targeting threat to both   thank you for telling it how it is
Via TRUMP HILLARY PRESIDENCY WILL CAUSE CRIME WAVE LIKE YOUVE NEVER SEEN  'Trump Has Changed the Entire Debate on Immigration'

 Trump Keep throwing those giant hand grenades into the amnesty debate.  You're pissing off all the right people in the GOP.
Why does a failed magazine like  constantly seek out trivial nonsense? Their circulation way down. _OC
Dummy _OC  Tiny fragrance deal with Parlux means nothing. Still sold at Trump Tower...
Dummy _OC from failing  magazine NASCAR deal was 1 nite ballroom
Dummy writer _OC from failing  magazine works so hard to make such trivial license deals look important
  keep up the tempo and don't listen to the RNC!  You are correctly presenting what people want.
 _OC   Again ..not news.. news is.. he leads NC &amp; will have NH on next true poll.. stop attacking the truth.
Via  Stop Complaining About Donald Trump Watched chief negotiator for Iran on  last night. He is far smarter than our repsincrease sanctions and walk!
    Donald Trump 
    a lot of us support Trump because of his support to stop illegals from killing anyone else
_JoshBishop   gop or dem
Totally false reporting on my call with  Priebus. He called me
   Like Harry Truman
  &amp; rest of pundits r scared of truth teller like  -  affects everything in society.
   The Donald is the only good Republican candidate
  Krauthammer sold some books
    both fools &amp; out of touch with reality! We need Trump  45 
   Only good candidate in this GOP field is you sir! Go Trump.  Thank you.
  He is an openly declared traitor to this nation as are the execs of  and  
You mean George Bush sends our soldiers into combat
Jeb's brother George insisted on a $100
Do you believe that highly overrated political pundit   said this is the best Republican field in 35 years. What a dope!
Via  by  Pastor To Hispanic Congregation Speaks Out On Trump Immigrant Crime Statement Via  by Ben Graham Border Reports Back Up Trump's 'Rapists' Claim Thank you  - As you know I have been saying this for a long time  just read  going to Phoenix to give speech on illegal immigration on Saturday That is correct. I look forward to it
Via  by  TRUMP UNLOADS Hillary Clinton was 'the worst' and is 'extremely bad'  America needs to hear the truth. Keep it up
    _lee  Me too. No more shopping at Macy's.
   Donald our forefathers would be proud of you
Via  by Fredy Riehl Donald Trump Talks Gun Control
   _lee now I know where not to watch or shop  account closed
Dear 
     most people like Trump because he speaks honestly and hopefully and we know he cannot be bought.
   stay strong D.  The last thing America needs is the same old politician.
._gulbis  Thank you for your support this morning on . Even more importantly
. Thank you for being so fair this morning on  appreciated.
Via _Media by  Donald Trump and the End of Free Speech I will be in California this weekend making a speech for Clint Eastwood. Then to Arizona and Vegas. Big crowds. Discussing illegals &amp; more!
We must restore the entrepreneurial spirit of our country. A small business boom. Lets Make America Great Again! Via  See
RUBIOS GANG OF 8 BILL WOULD HAVE REWARDED SANCTUARY CITIES HARBORING ILLEGALS MUST READ-It's time people listened to Trump
Wow! I hear that thousands of people are cutting up their  credit card. That's great. !
 Illegal Immigrant Deported 6 Times Charged in Felony Hit &amp; Run of Family.  is not wrong. 
  I'm not sure why people are mad  he really speaks the truth. Sir
. U were great last nite  on FOX. Our country has become a dumping ground for the worldI'll get it to stop &amp; fast!
People rarely say that many conservatives didnt vote for Mitt Romney. If I can get them to vote for me
  is the only Presidential candidate that TRULY is fighting to 
 If I had a dollar for every time a politician lied
_Bite  I AGREE WITH PAT BUCHANAN THAT YOU SIR ARE A MAN OF ACTION! Thank you!
We have got to take our country back. It's time!
_1   In addition to the criminals among the illegal aliens what about all the infectious diseases they brought to US
 If the majority will bind together and support Trump we will reverse the downward spiral the US is on.  The Establishment GOP out in force tonight trying to discredit  Congrats Donald you've got them nervous.
  Mr. Trump is right! BUILD THE WALL! 
 I have a Macy's store I used to love to shop at until they turned on Americans  
   not shopping there again!
  Mr.Trump speaks the TRUTH And Will NOT Back Down!! That's why he will be our next President!! 
Thx to all the people who called to say they are cutting their  credit card as a protest against illegal immigrants pouring into US
  God bless America and DonaldTrump. You have all of my support and that of all those who are fed up with DC.
    As do I
  donald I don't have to tell you 
  BC our government are spineless. We need someone who will stand their ground. You have my support
  DONALD! DONALD! DONALD!!!   
  Will definitely vote for you. Breath of fresh air. America needs you!
  The huff post pollster has  trump in first place ahead of jeb bush
I said simply that the Mexican leaders and negotiators are smarter than ours and that the Mexican gov't is pushing their hard core to U.S.
Thank you 
It is time to create jobs for Americans
Flashback  Jeb Bush says  illegal immigrants breaking our laws is an act of love Jeb Bush will never secure our border or negotiate great trade deals for American workers. Jeb doesn't see &amp; can't solve the problems.
I appreciate the GOP candidates who remain strong on border security. They know I am right. A nation without borders cannot survive.
Rick Perry failed at the border. Now he is critical of me. He needs a new pair of glasses to see the crimes committed by illegal immigrants.
 continues to move up in the presidential polls as his message begin to resonate with the 'fed-up' American people.
  Saw where you supported  on  to be aired tomorrow AM. Thank you.
 Donald Trump and 2015 / 2016 Considerations...  Late night confessions I think Donald Trump would be a good president
Miss Universe
 Donald Trump for President! He has my vote come elections!
_rider Ted Cruz Backs Trump about securing the borders. Nothing has been done for decades.   Saw where you supported  on  to be aired tomorrow AM. Thank you. Thanks Ted!
   
  good for you Mr. Trump for speaking up for America you're the only one that's real
     I agree! Romney needed 's cajones - all I'm saying!
  Trump is correct Hear about a young woman who was shot to death in San Francisco by a Mexican who'd been deported 5 times
  Don't worry Democrats
 DonaldTrump Keep it up! They're attacking you because they're afraid. You're winning! We who love our country have your back!
_Tsac_ More than half of America agrees with Trump- everyone I talk to loves Trump&amp;respects blunt truths- God Bless Trump
   How is it possible  is having a 4th of July sale
  .We all need to get out and vote for Donald . We need a change and he is the man to bring it . Thank you!
 Praying  continues 2 keep the Repubs honest! It w/b so great 2 hv another Reagan 2 rebuild respect 4 USA!
 has them on the run and they are scared as hell that finally the pyramid scheme is about to be exposed. 
   America will be restored under Mr. Trump..   I'm voting trump bc we need a real man to lead the country not that socialist Obama
      3M followers
  keeps comin back like Bruce Willis in RED! Trump is hard hitting PATRIOT! TRUTH TRUMPS ALL!   &amp;  couldn't carry  's gym bags. 
  I will never shop in your store 4 the rest of my life because of how quickly U turned on DonaldTrump.U have no spine
Via  GAME ON TRUMP RESPONDS TO JEB   the blue! I don't care WHAT  says or  Screw them! I'm voting 4 you
  Waiting for the day we can call you Mr. President!
   TRUMP IS THE MAN
      
_Tsac_ I'm probably going to vote for  simply because he has the balls to speak his mind. And half of America agrees.
 You never give up Hope you win.  you're my  choice  
   But still
_B  You have my vote already! We don't need another Obama
_Da_Slick   
  I registered to vote yesterday when renewing my driver license. 
_Nann   STAND WITH TRUMP 2016
 Trump is the only real candidate. He is only saying what we all know. Much crime comes from illegal immigrants. Fact!
  NEVER GIVE UP. You're our last hope!
 I can't wait for your inauguration!! The beginning of the end to these criminal immigrants. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN Thanks.
 .     More than a few voters may ! 
Why would Republican candidates want the support of Mitt Romney. He lost an election against Obama that should NEVER have been lost!
_Beats  
 ANY conservative candidate who disses DonaldTrump's stand on illegals will not get my vote-he stands for US first over Illegals.
  This 4th of July lets also remember the thousands of American citizens killed by illegals. What about the undocumented immigrant with a record who killed the beautiful young women (in front of her father) in San Fran. Get smart!
    I do not yet who I will vote for but can assure you it will not be Rubio
  just lied about DonaldTrump - Dana
 Mr  is the only candidate that hits my three main topics
HAPPY 4TH OF JULY TO EVERYONE!  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
   It is so refreshing to see a candidate with a backbone. Mr. Trump you have my vote!
I will be on  this morning at 830. Enjoy!
 Cta driver just tweaked I'm voting for 
 This is why we need  He tells it like it is!   He says what others are too afraid to say; the truth!
    Absolutely. All the American people need is a leader to rise up 
  Make our country great again.. TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT !
  The American people deserve a wall to protect our jobs
  for president. No better candidate than Mr Trump.     Say it LOUD &amp; PROUD ! *** ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION *** Is an Attack on Our Country!
     Donald Trump can't be bought
 Trump San Francisco killing shows perils of illegal immigration Via  by  Trump San Francisco killing shows perils of illegal immigration . you never speak well of me &amp; yet when I saw you at Fox you ran over like a child and wanted a picture. Please share pic!
. what do you say to the family of Kathryn Steinle in CA who was viciously killed b/c we can't secure our border? Stand up for US
  that speech was inspiring Trump I'm with you
 Thank you America Ferrara for supporting lawless criminals from Mexico. One more needless death. 2 innocent lives taken
_fly_on_wall_ sucks when  says what most of us think and gets punished for it. scares us
Where are the other candidates now that this tragic murder has taken place b/c of our unsafe border My heartfelt condolences to the family of Kathryn Steinle. Very
Our Southern border is unsecure. I am the only one that can fix it
Our Southern border is totally out of control. This is an absolutely disgraceful. situation.Via  by  Matchless Name Recognition and Deep Pockets Make Trump a Threat in Iowa We need jobs &amp; we need them fast. I am a job creator. None of the pols can or will. Let's Make America Great Again! Via  by  NYC Mayor Action Against Donald Trump Is Not the American Way A nation that cannot control its borders is not a nation. - President Ronald Reagan
Wow
Mexican leaders and negotiators are much tougher and smarter than those of the U.S. Mexico is killing us on jobs and trade. WAKE UP!
  is not a politician
  is 100% correct! You have so far made the most sacrifice! Thankfully.
  you're the only reason I'm registering to vote &amp; first president I'm donating to!!  Thanks.
  thank you for standing up for America let's make this country great again!
  id rather have a businessman in the White House than a politician. Youve got my vote
_artherton  full respect from a British guy. I wish I could vote for you! Trump for president!
  Donald Trump runs to help America become great again. You know he's not doing it to enrich himself like Clinton
 I support  and I as well will no longer give my business to  .   Great!
    So? How does that change that very bad people are coming over the boarder?
  Keep speaking the truth. The media elites cannot stop you from telling it as it is. 
   Yes In Deed!! 
  never voted but your getting my vote
 Obama calls immigrants gang bangers&amp;criminals but Trump gets attacked for calling SOME illegals from SOME countries bad people
 In my 37 years of Life U are the 1st person I have Ever Supported Running 4 the White house U WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
_A_John   hey you're the man Trump. Fight the fight
  you are next President USA Make America Great Again!
_PC_Guy    In Chicago we're still mourning loss of once great Marshall Fields
_vince  only our Donald will save Christianity..Christ bless our land
 If Reagan
As Governor of Texas
   I am sure rocketing up to polls at the cost of losing a place to sell his ties is killing him.
 My Grandma from  and Mom in  just said they won't shop at  again. 
  TO  VOTE FOR DONALD TRUMP.           you tell em trump! Trump speaks the truth
     Donald Trump for President 2016! America
 So ready for  to do this! Keep it up
_mazzotta   shame on you Macy's. Whatever happened to freedom of speech 
       Trump just might be the savior of America! Better than Reagan!
 Donald keep speaking the truth! The media has printed your words out of context. You will make America great again!
     called them gangbanger &amp; criminals
    The media Loves to twist words
 your charisma
     The American ppl are taking a stand! We are fighting back!!!
   They were taken out of context. Trying to make him look bad to the American Hispanic community.
   Seems 1 or 2 lines of Mr. Trump's comments about immigrants are continuously taken out of context
     I didn't know Macy's was still in business. Oh well
It is time to bring competence to Washington. It is time get results. Lets Make America Great Again! Obama once again just missed a self-imposed deadline with Iran. Our leadership is weak &amp; ineffective. Double the sanctions!
     amen honey honest is honest dont back down support the truth!
   Donald
 you must be doing something right
  I really admire your straight talk and not bowing down to the drive by media and special interest groups say what you mean Thx
A country must enforce its borders. Respect for the rule of law is at our countrys core. We must build a wall! New orders for manufacturing down 9/10 months  Via  by  Always Play On Offense New jobs report 432
TRUMP DECLARES VICTORY ON IMMIGRATION AS OBAMA ADMITS SOME ILLEGALS ARE GANG BANGERS     only interested in sales and could care less about America. Veterans and Military will be with Trump.
  Macy's stock drops after coming out in support of  dust up with  and public 
Great article by  on   Sorry
_  sir! Thanking you for speaking your mind and or having your very own opinion on certain issues.
    taking a stand against stupid companies over reacting to free speech
   If you would listen to his words
Via Huffington Post Congrats
Via World Tribune The elites' problem with Donald Trump He's not for sale by Jeffrey T. Kuhner Via  Mark Levin DEFENDS Trump Hillary Clinton is a CROOK and a FRAUD and shes not treated this way!     NBC FIRES TRUMP
Trump Gives 'Em Hell  I'm done with Macy's. Apparently
    I will not shop at Macy's. I am with you Mr Trump!
Why doesnt somebody study the horrible charges brought against  for racial profiling? Terrible hypocrites!
. stock just dropped. Interesting. So many people calling to say they are cutting up their  credit card. Thank you!
 Yes
  Every working class (every color) knows Trump &amp; wants to be rich like him - faces light up  
     Watch what he said
     I'm Latina/ Legal &amp; fully support you speaking the TRUTH! Don't back down!
   Ah yes
_tpnd  You have Lib media scrambling..I just freak'n love that! Thank you for your leadership and patriotism!
  Thought ur interview w  was inspiring. U speak the truth.
   Stick to your guns Mr. Trump. You are telling the truth that too many are afraid to.
     the media has shown its true colors.
   They look bad.  screwed up BigTime!They are so hypocritical
 Just deleted the  app off my phone. It's a shame
 Mr. Trump
   to pay $650
 I am really liking . We NEED someone who will tell the TRUTH. 
_A_Hurd  Fight the good fight Mr. PRESIDENT TRUMP! You are the only one fighting for America! 
  knows what he's talking about. Please don't give us another Bush as president.
   Macy's sales are declining
Make our borders strong and stop illegal immigration. Even President Obama agrees- Look what the President of NBC sent me recently about his stay in my Las Vegas hotel. Very loyal guy. Who is  to pretend innocence when they racial profile all over the place? Paid big fine!
Interesting that  criticized me but just paid $650
.  couldnt be elected dog catcher if he ran againso he didnt!
. was a terrible governor of NY
   I truly believe you can bring America back to great.  You don't cower

  Now this is the  we have come to know  At least Trump speaks his mind. Doesn't cower to PC.
.  AndersonThank you for being so fair with your reporting &amp; story last night. Greatly appreciated!
For all of those who want to 
Those who believe in tight border security
My recent statement re   We must have strong borders &amp; stop illegal immigration now! Get ready for  tonight at 8- always interesting!
Via  Donald Trump's Controversial Mexican Comments Are Accurate My just filed lawsuit against Univision. Always fight back when right.    wish there were more people in the public eye with this attitude. It's only way 2 defeat political correctness
Watch me on the  tonight at 8PM.


  Everyone loves Donald because he'll tell it like it is without any political sugar-coating &amp; double-speak.
  thank you to Donald Trump for standing up for what you believe in.leave the B.S.and lies for Hillary and Barack.
  NBC=censorship. I'm done with them
  Apologize to the press for not being a politician - because you haven't learned to LIE yet. Go Donald!
Thank you Ted.  It says a lot about  when they fire  but keep Brian Williams and  on the payroll. 
   they can't stand that you are speaking for the American people
I love the Mexican people
We MUST have strong borders and stop illegal immigration. Without that we do not have a country. Also
    LOVE the TRUMP!
 Great statement and it's finally nice to have someone who stands by what they say!    Like him or not  says EXACTLY what he thinks and doesn't beat around the bush. And that's admirable. 
    if what everyone says is true Trump will score huge if this is for publicity. i'd trust Trump
_Archaeology  is our only hope  
 Listen to what he says. You will know in your heart it is the truth. We are in a bad way. he is the only one who gets it.
    It is so blatantly obvious! Why do people refuse to see it?
   I have confidence trump can turn a negative into a positive. Trump can make America great again!
  I've waited years for you to run for president! You are going to fix America! We Need a businessman.
  Vote for Trump
 lDonaldTrump  Keep telling it lIke it is. You have the recipe for making the USA great again. You have my vote
      I like Donald for his no fear tell the truth attitude.
   don't worry... we clearly don't have an illegal alien criminal problem.      For the remark Trump made on dumping NBC
 Pull out the heavy artillery
  I believe Donald Trump is the only one that can do this. He has no skin in the game. Just his Country.
    Donald is the only candidate that speaks the truth!!!!
  is the bigot.  and  only speaking the truth about ILLEGAL immigrants
Statement on Relationship with NBC- Speaking at the City Club of Chicago. Sold out in minutes with thousands on the wait list! Via  by   Donald Trump says he is no apprentice when it comes to Israel

  _Joe   Don't care about  or Trump but he's the best  running and should win the Primary
Remember
   Or at least give it back in oil
 Just over a year before everyone hears DonaldTrump say I Donald Trump do solemnly swear that I will protect America
Saudi Arabia should be paying the United States many billions of dollars for our defense of them. Without us
   Mr. Trump is the ONLY one who tells the truth
   will speak   city club today; Reports claim 2
  don't ever back down from these clowns! fight the good fight!! I promise!
 I know  will be the best President that ever has or ever will walk into the Oval Office. 
    disagree a leader takes a stand. Putin would be scared of him. Peace through strength
 I sure don't trust any other politicians running to be President except  
  i support donald trump for president. He is a great leader Thank you.
 Wait Mhndz
 Mexican criminals coming into USA? YES Did Trump say we need to stop them? YES Did he say Mexicans are good? YES Racism? NO
  Have a great time in Chicago today. You are the best person for the job
  is the only choice for 2016.  Thank you.
. Please send me your new number
Univision apologized to me but I will not accept their apology. I will be suing them for a lot of money. Miss U.S.A. contestants are hurt!
.
 Donald Trump's Polling Looks too Good to Be True.
See story in Fusion and Huff. Post about rape at the border. Beyond terrible! Isn't Fusion owned by Univision?
Via  by  Trump We look like were beggars in Iran nuclear talks Will be in Chicago tomorrow for a record setting (by far) luncheon.
   He's firing up the GOP base. 
   not being a career politician is an asset. I'm on board trump can make America great again.
  would be the best president  
 Oh My are they starting to WAKE UP. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! We must save America ELECT 
 Unlike ....he can think outside the box!  ~   _benson
 Everybody get on the Trump Train!! It's a First Class One-Way ticket to the White House with  
 DonaldTrump _benson He would be a leader because he is used to being the boss. Wont be bought like politicians either
 Bill O'Reilly's interview with TrumpQ&amp;A over what Trump would do as President!Definitely has my vote!   I did not like you before but watching your interview on CNN
 RT _Dwayne  Thanks for not being politically correct! America needs the truth.
  THE  &amp;  ARE DOING WELL CUZ THE PPL R DISGUSTED WITH  POLITICIANS
  Don't let them try to school you
 In  we trust.. 
  _tom You are the only one with guts. We need that!! Have my vote!  Great.
   You have my vote Mr. Trump
    Donald trump is the man Thanks.
_tom  congrats on running! You tell it like it is.....which is rare.
   You say what the working people are thinking. Proud to support you. Don't back down !
   GOP Trump's Fearless War with Univision Only Increases His Appeal - Breitbart   please get elected! Be the next Reagan! You can do it! Thanks!
  is Americas only chance. He will 
  Trump is right. Giving illegals the right to vote will destroy the GOP and turn dems into dominant party
 Why not ? He knows how to create wealth
  Trump for President! TRUMP2016!
 The appeal of Donald Trump to people is that he's a fighter
  just kicked ass on Fox News. Guy is a winner  Thank you!
 Establishment Government
Addressing record crowd  Madison County Iowa GOP Dinner. We can bring common sense to DC &amp; Make America Great Again! Must read article via  DONALD TRUMP VERSUS MEXICO A great article by 
 the border &amp; illegals. Thank you   I'm working real hard Mr Trump getting you votes in Boston/Rhode island area!   
_D2  go get em!! How does it feel to be the next POTUS?  Thanks for the spirit!
   is the real deal! When was the last time we had someone with true conviction for US?
I'll be in Iowa tonight making a speech to a record setting crowd. The word is getting out
The leader and negotiators representing Mexico are far smarter and more cunning than the leader and negotiators representing the U.S.!
Only very stupid people think that the United States is making good trade deals with Mexico.Mexico is killing us at the border and at trade!
. Bill
When you are in a war
When somebody challenges you unfairly
 The greatest social program is a job -Donald Trump
  Thank you Mr.Trump for standing up for America My great honor!
Letter to  - Re  If I win the presidency
. cares far more about Mexico than it does about the U.S.  Are they controlled by the Mexican government?
Anyone who wants strong borders and good trade deals for the US should boycott .
Once again the Bush appointed  Supreme Court Justice John Roberts has let us down. Jeb pushed him hard! Remember!
I love Mexico but not the unfair trade deals that the US so stupidly makes with them. Really bad for US jobs
Univision wants to back out of signed  contract because I exposed the terrible trade deals that the U.S. makes with Mexico.
Mexican gov doesn't want me talking about terrible border situation &amp; horrible trade deals. Forcing Univision to get me to stop- no way!
   I appreciate  and his straight talk.  Our country needs this.
  only YOU can make it GREAT again. Your plan is the only one inside reality. MAKE AMERICA GREAT with TRUMP
Governor Rick Scott of Florida did really poorly on television this morning. I hope he is O.K.
_wkow New national 2016 GOP poll from  -  leads field
I hear that dopey political pundit
 Jeb Bush should support Donald Trump for President I agree!
_GOLD4MONEY    Trump is as Honest as they come. He wants a border and doesn't hide it. 
We have to bring back and cherish the middle class - once the backbone and true strength of the U.S.A. It can happen!
  my first vote ever will be for one of the most historic businessmen in history.
  we are counting on you
  enough with   and the same faces every damn year. We need fresh new ppl that r not greedy. U r d one
 Baseball
My message
My daughter Ivanka did great tonight in New Hampshire. The sold out crowd loved her
. had better surround herself with better hosts than Nicole Wallace
The ratings for The View are really low. Nicole Wallace and Molly Sims are a disaster. Get new cast or just put it to  sleep. Dead T.V.
I am really beginning to respect Mark Halperin and John Heilemann as political reporters - they truly get why Trump poll numbers are high.
Just out
Uncomfortable looking NBC reporter Willie Geist calls me to ask for favors and then mockingly smiles when he is told of my high poll numbers
_laurenharding  not to mention that there's a whole lot of people who never got asked (me included)!!!   Cute.
  I'm voting for  for CEO of these United States
  UNMATCHED PRESIDENTIAL CAMPAIGN...Trump RESTORES America's credit rating to AAA in 3-4 yrs.
  Go get 'em Donald.
  Excellent! I still can't believe voters have Jeb in front of you. Haven't Americans learned anything?  NO!
. song
For the nonbeliever
. A few months ago Neil Young came to my office looking for $$ on an audio deal &amp; called me last week to go to his concert. Wow!
My daughter
Thank you.    Very strong start
Politician  didn't like that I said Baltimore needs jobs &amp; spirit. It's politicians like Cardin that have destroyed Baltimore.
The highly respected Suffolk University poll just announced that I am alone in 2nd place in New Hampshire
Speaking at the Red
Via  Trump Surges In New Hampshire Poll MOGUL
  is more than just talk. I hope he wins the election and gets something done for once in this country. 
My  interview on  Trump 'Last Person I'd Want Negotiating for Me Is Obama'   thank you for running. You have my vote and I'm spreading the word. We need you there to fix this mess.
Via  by  Trump Surges in Popularity in N.H. _Rltr .  I am so happy you are running for President. You have my vote.
  Please keep telling all of America that jobs
 So sick of politicians sugar coating problems and issues. It will be so great to have  say it like it is!
_bri This is the first election I'll be able to vote
 WE ARE GONNA NEED  IN 2016 TO UN-NEGOTIATE EVERYTHING OBAMA SAID HE NEGOTIATED  True.
 .  I was at  when  announced president bid. He's got my vote.
Donald trump files statement of candidacy Via  by  Defying Doubters
Today I filed my Statement of Candidacy with the FEC. Let's    I'm definitely voting for  I would love to see what a real businessman can do for our economy!
  _GIRL979 I'll be voting for Mr. Trump
 Donald J. Trump is the very definition of the American success story. Through Trump we can bring back the American dream.
True.    Karl
.  Have you released a copy of the beautiful thank you card you sent me? Would you like to see it?  
Entrepreneurs Brainpower is the ultimate leverage. Don't underestimate yourself or your possibilities.
Entrepreneurs Be tough
Entrepreneurs Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one.
The Senate must NOT pass TPA! Any Senator who votes for it is disqualified for being POTUS. Protect the American worker and manufacturer!
Flashback  Jeb Bush received a $4M tax payer bailout in 1990 Who do you want negotiating for us?  It's time for government to stop picking winners &amp; losers. Lets make sure everyone can achieve the American dream!   My latest piece on  winning the foreign policy race.  .  Great jobyou are a true champion! See you soon.
Hillary Clinton Dominates the Pack in Fake Twitter Followers   A businessman that understands the world's business/politics. 
  The USA is like Wollman Rink or Ferrypoint before DJT. You came you saw and built a masterpiece. Now it's the USA' s turn.
Thank you. .  Thank you for your nice wordsgreatly appreciated.
  Only a fool will underestimate . Trump will surprise everybody and America needs him.
I want to thank Elizabeth
Sadly
    it's amazing how people fear a change for the better
 Trump
 Donald Trump is the ONLY candidate that is incorruptible and he will get rid off all of the incompetence ruining our country.
  Mr. Trump tell America they are fired! Bring some respect and balls back to the USA.
 I said when Trump ran for president i was gonna be the happiest man on earth
  -  loves you. It was obvious to me when you were on the day you announced. Bill O is great.
   Because they're AFRAID of you!  
_Gypsy    indicated he would support you if you ran. Let's see if he puts his money where his mouth is!
    The Donald owes NOTHING to lobbyists. He could restore our Republic. True.
 Finally somebody with real intelligence &amp; leadership is runnig for president Mr . 
     I'm just about done with Fox news!
 I do believe that Trump has the intestinal fortitude to set right all the wrongs of the current administration. 
   Why is it that FOX loved you until you declared as a candidate???  Good question!
   Believe they are worried you may win!
 I have Loved you since Wrestlemania when I was kid. I grew up &amp; see what you're all about. I am behind you ALL the way!
. still thinks Romney won! He doesn't have a clue! 
    I am stunned that Rove would suggest repealing the ! That will not solve the problem
    I watched the  interview. He sounds like an unpatriotic dolt. Trump 2016!
. stated clearly that he wants to repeal the 2nd Amendment. I thought  was going to fire that jerk after his Romney fiasco?
   Karl Rove destroyed the Republican Party. Time to rebuild it. True!
   theyre all jealous of your success   Thanks.
   The best candidate!  
The great Mike Wallace covered me in a much more professional manner than his son
. was so unprofessional and biased when discussing me on This Week.  should not allow this conduct!
   can't wait for debates! DT will crush them Could happen!
  I tend to vote for democratic candidates
 Donald Trump's resume backs his run for president .
Via  by  Exclusive Trump Slams Obamatrade

Happy Father's Day to all! I had a wonderful and loving father. Via  by  Donald Trumps resume backs his run for president  If youre a betting man
_Dont_Know_Her  you are the best candidate for president in a long time. Hope you win Thanks.
 Donald Trump is the only hope for a crumbling American economy. Hope my American friends choose Trump
  He really is a great business man and gets the job done right. So true!
 Carl Icahn Donald Trump Is Completely Correct That We Are In A Bubble Like You've Never Seen Before
Who would you rather have negotiating for the U.S. against Putin
 America should be so lucky to have  even consider leading our nation Thank you.
 . Trump Has Best Shot in General Election Thank you  for your nice words. The U.S. is becoming a dumping ground for the world. Pols don't get it. Make America Great Again!
My speech is right now on C-SPAN 1
  Trump speech is on C-span right now...f.y.i.
_Alliance   The establishment fears Trump! They are afraid to make America great again.
 Its pretty clear that  would absolutely destroy HillaryClinton in a debate &amp; i really wanna see it happen.
 The only person running for President that will not betray America  for money is Donald Trump. Fox is cutting him down=Reagan!
Druggies
Mexico is killing the United States economically because their leaders and negotiators are FAR smarter than ours. But nobody beats Trump!
I like Mexico and love the spirit of  Mexican people
Why did  beg me for a tweet (endorsement) when her book was launched?
   great article .. At least  is finally saying what us average working people know!
Our country is in a major crisis of incompetent leadership. We cannot continue to go on with these politicians who do nothing but talk.
Via  by  Donald Trump declares war on lying

Out of hundreds of deals &amp; transactions
Almost every major dealmaker has used the bankruptcy laws as a business tool. Icahn
People buy deals &amp; immediately put them into bankruptcy in order to make better deals. Its a very effective &amp; commonly used business tool.
Stop saying I went bankrupt. I never went bankrupt but like many great business people have used the laws to corporate advantagesmart!
Hillary Clinton reaches new low.  Has Charles  ever apologized for being so totally wrong on Iraq? I called it right in every wayMake America Great Again!
George Will was a big Iraq fool.  $2 trillion
Goofy political pundit George Will spoke at Mar-a-Lago years ago. I didnt attend because hes boring &amp; often wronga total dope!
 I've always said the Country needs to be run like a Major Corporation it takes a Brilliant Businessman  
 Let's get the Trump trending    
  Why is government run by politicians? It's a huge business and needs a businessman to run it successfully! 
Just watched Brian Williams on  - very sad! Brian should get on with a new life and not start all over at . Stop apologizing
  Donald trump will do this country  good! He is a businessman &amp; will know how to grow our economy
 Keep doing what you're doing! You're attracting attention and people are talking more then they were before! 
  Mr. Trump you're the candidate that we have been waiting for you tell it real and you will get it done you have my vote!
    DONALD TRUMP has been telling anyone who would listen about the Chinese currency manipulation.  So true.
  You are such a bright man. You have my vote!!
  So how many more days until you are in office?  
 I've waited to vote for  since I was little. I can't wait for 2016
  You've got my vote!!
     I believe Donald Trump will always make the best deal for his people
   Mr. Trump nailed it! Wow After Doubts
 Ive been saying Donald trump for preZ since 2nd grade.I AM YOUR BIGGEST FAN LOOK I MET U   Trump 4 president...has a nice ring to it. About time someone who isn't afraid to say/do what's necessary took the reigns
Trump Nat'l Golf Club Philadelphia
Watch my appearance on _Joe - great interview! The tragedy in South Carolina is incomprehensible. My deepest condolences to all.
Trump Int'l Hotel &amp; Tower
Thank you. Speaking to great patriots _CT. My first visit to Granite State since declaring my candidacy!  Heading to New Hampshire.  We need someone with experience to rebuild America.  Only a fool would buy the . Loses fortune &amp; has zero gravitas. Let it die!
Thank you SarahLet's have pizza in New York soon with you &amp; your great family    He doesnt need anyone's money and can speak the truth because of it!  Go Donald!
Enjoyed watching 's analysis of my  interview. Great points! Thank you

Thanks . Really nice! Im glad I did your show. 

Dear 
Today I officially declared my candidacy for President of the United States. Watch the video of my full speech- Thanks Eric.  I am officially running for President of the United States.  LIVE on  Major announcement!  Thanks Geraldo
11AM  Make sure to follow me on . I will be streaming my announcement at 11AM.
In one hour I will be making a major announcement from Trump Tower. Watch it live on Periscope! Make sure to follow me on  
It is almost time. I will be making a major announcement from  at 11AM. Follow on social media! 
 We are going to listen  If you are really running &amp; if you keep to your word You really have a great chance to win
Thanks. Big time in U.S. today - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Politicians are all talk and no action - they can never bring us back.
 DonaldTrump in Iowa says I have a Gucci store that's worth more money than Romney Fact check true   today's the day ! Good luck!
  Your twitter banner is awesome. Cant wait for tomorrow.....TRUMP 2016..
  Let's take this country back. 
_Pitmon10 I am a full supporter of   is a guy that will help this country
   
 I really would want to see what America would look like...with  at the helm of affairs. _radical99 Counting down the hours to  announcement! Ready for America to become great again. Supporting you Mr. Trump.
_Snurk  it! Always respect FIGHTERS over overrated loser POLITITIANS!! Inspire GREATNESS!  
   America can be great again with trump at the helm. Confidence counts.
   Donald has as good of a chance as anyone else.. People like him...NO MORE POLITICIAN'S...
  Amercian
  Shock the world!
  is going to make Hillary's head spin tomorrow morning. Presidential Debate? Yes
 Today is the day America becomes great again.  has some huge news that will shock the world 
 Hopefully tomorrow is the day we start to make America great again! Looking forward to it
Do we really need another Bush in the White House- we have had enough of them. Great! Thanks.    may get headlines today
Will do
Great! Thanks.  LIVE on  Tomorrow at 11AM   said on  today PPL are asking why would anyone give up his lifestyle to be . The answer is 
 Politicians are not going to get us out of this mess. They are all talk.  
 After the liberal 60's and 70's how did we end up with Reagan? Hollywood. The Donald may have a serious chance. 
  . Time for a true leader to lead our great country!
  Pls run u would be great!
  I'd vote twice for you if I could. Actually I can! On your SECOND Term as President! Go get em' Mr. Trump!
Tomorrow will be a really big day for America. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Tuesday will be a big day for our country to do a complete turnaround. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
 As a nation yearns for justice and equality
  Happy Birthday! Can't wait for the announcement on Tuesday
 Being a great president requires great negotiating skills. Trump
  We need to PRAY to God for this to happen. God please make America great again. Amen!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
_Snurk  YOU ARE THE MAN! You are the ONLY one of Substance! U r REAL DEAL never Bull or Hot air !
  TRUMP TRUMP - YOU ARE THE ONLY ONE AMERICA NEEDS RIGHT NOW THE ONLY ONE WHO CAN SAVE AMERCIA GOD BLESS U SIR
 Truly Great men come along only once a genration. DonaldTrump Is That Man. Has it all- gentle wisdom
  has DEPTH
 DonaldTrump i have so much faith in you that if you ran for president I know your the only one who could get America out of debt
  you have some military caregivers in FL ready to back you!  Thanks
 Please run! I'm with you till the end! Everyone who wants to  is! Vote for Trump/2016! God bless.
 Lets make this country great again and bring back the entrepreneur spirit! The only person to do that is DonaldTrump 
Remember
I am really happy that Hillary made her speech right under Trump World Tower!
  I have had it with career politicians.. You will have my vote Mr. Trump!!! Nobody owns you!
   is GOPs best chance to win in Nov. 2016. 
   Had it with politicians. They never solve problems
  I'll volunteer to help your campaign in FL. Thanks.
  ONLY  has what it takes to STOP Hillary Rodham Clinton! StopHillary    pumped for Tuesday. The road to getting American back starts next week. Thanks.
Thank you.    The Country needs you now more than ever.  You will be the one to bring the respect back.    Thx.
Thank you. Should not passbad deal! Thanks. Thank you. True! Entrepreneurs Do not go where the path may lead
Entrepreneurs Focus on your goals
Entrepreneurs Dont sell yourself short. Dont ever think youve done it all already or that youve done your best.
Entrepreneurs Keep your eyes on your ideals as well as reality. Accentuate the positive without being blind to the negative.
   Its time to make America great again. Lets do this! 
Looking for Father's Day gift?  named the spa  one of the best places for men to relax    go get em Donald! Enough with the PC crap. Tell it like it is and actually fix problems.
Thank you. Thanks. Thank you.  Thank you. There is. __Marx  Can't wait to hear  run for president and fix our country! 
Thanks &amp; I won't let you down.  Thanks.  Great
Thank you. Video Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point   Congratulations to  for winning the 2015 Traveler's Choice Award from  Thank you  for featuring  in your list of Best Private Dining Rooms in Chicago.    Do it Mr. Trump
 If  ran for president in 2016
   Waiting on that 6/16 announcement. Please don't disappoint me.....  Stay tuned.
 Texans do not support RINOs We damn sure don't support  Texans want leadership We want .
  what are you waiting for? We are waiting for you to make America great again. Please run!  June 16th.
  needs to run for president  
_R_2014    Trump all the way!
    (it will happen) GOP MUST SUPPORT Donald Trump       I appreciate the consistent focus on quality across Trump brands.
 A pic with  from a long time ago  Entrepreneurs  Review your work habits regularly and make sure they are taking you in the right direction. Keep your focus intact.
Entrepreneurs Take responsibility for yourself. Its a very empowering attitude.
Entrepreneurs Follow your own pathit will bring you to the places you were meant to be.
Our  is really starting the summer on the right foot with their  program as seen in   The golden rule of negotiating He who has the gold makes the rules  great read  
Thank you  for featuring  in your list of Best Private Dining Rooms in Chicago. Thank you.  A pleasure to film at the beautiful  links course &amp; club house. Thanks to  &amp; ..
Via Hardball with Chris Matthews       he's a legend. Does so much good for Scottish golf Thanks.
Via   gets new clubhouse Dee Dee Sorvino  I am betting on Trump
    got to do something though! Too many times they lied to us. For some reason
Via the New York Times   I think he's worth a VERY serious look. He speaks BOLDLY
Via _Media by Poll Trump Surges Among GOP Hopefuls in NH Trump Int'l Hotel &amp; Tower New York
Trump Turnberry is a spectacular placeand home to four of the greatest Open Championships of all time. Via  New Hampshire Poll Trump into top-tier status Amazing NH poll released! We are getting ready to Make America Great Again! Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles offers 18 holes fronting the Pacific Ocean on the Palos Verdes Peninsula. _AU Watch
 You have to think anyway
Loved doing  keynote speech last night! Unbelievable reception. Had the biggest crowds by far of any of the GOP candidates.
Will be doing  live tomorrow at 7AM ET from Europe.
Going to Scotland
 Mr. Trump
 Mr Trump can speak
 My only regret is that there isn't 3 DonaldTrump's so my daughters could marry the smartest
 ISIS would already be on ice if  was the president. We need you
_SALAMANDER  You're the type of guy we need in the White House You want to see the USA at the top
  Timing is relevant. This is your time. The other candidates don't have an answer
 Presidential candidates are about to be Trumped This will be a landslide the Country is ready for a leader with results
_shepler    Great news!
 believe the Country is going to think when voting for our next President It's about results that's why Trump runs he wins
Via  by  In Raleigh
Just received a standing ovation at  when I said
Just said at  that I'm not beholden to lobbyists and donors! No special interest would control me if I were in office.
Just made the point at  that we have to protect our border &amp; I think everyone here knows
Just received applause at  when I said  People ask me why I may run for President I might so we can Make America Great Again!
Just said at  that politicians are all talk and no action and we are all tired of it! We need action and results to move forward!
Received a standing applause at  when I said to have free trade be fair for the US we need really intelligent negotiators.
Just Introduced at  as the country's highest paid speaker. Told the record crowd of 650 I am to be speaking here for free!
Going to North Carolina to make keynote speech - sold out crowd!
 A visionary who loves America &gt;   Thanks.
 I can't wait for  announcement on June 16. Great.
  you are the man for the job
_gorski  the time is now
 _Blonde DT is a better choice than ANY candidate on either side based on his vision of prosperity &amp; national security.
     It's about time we had a president who doesn't need to care about his money
    exactly he knows how to win important
_Blonde The thing that's so wonderful about  ... most people would act just like him if they were billionaires. True.
   I'd vote for him and his morals are a lot healthier the Bill Clintons. He knows Business and con men.
_Blonde One of my favorite all-time  moments When  let  touch his hair.
   Will be refreshing to have views from someone else who's not a politician or community organizer IMO.
_Blonde I believe ... no I KNOW that  would be a better president than HillaryClinton.
Our runaway judiciary is badly in need of restraint by Congress. - Phyllis Schlafly
Our nation has a duty to care for our vets &amp; their families. It's time to do it! Lets Make America Great Again! We must stop Common Core from controlling state &amp; local curriculums. It is a federal grab of education. Keep education local!
China just hacked our federal government &amp; stole gov. workers information. Why do our leaders let China get away with this?! No respect.
  One thing I truly admire about Trump.He is very loyal &amp; supportive of his friends. He also says it like is.
_vince   donald for president..a true patriot
   I Agree Donald!
Via  by  Trump We'll bring American dream back Donald Trump Ive made up my mind on 2016 .'s memoir is a powerful example of perseverance &amp; hope. Getting Real is as real as it gets. Get it &amp; enjoy! 
Looking forward to keynoting the   dinner tomorrow night!   is a top state party!
Via  by  Donald Trump speaks to veterans
Trump International Golf Club Turnberry
 Hey  - had a spectacular round  - drove the green on . Awesome track! Great views! Thanks
  our country seriously needs you now please run for pres 
Was in Iowa yesterday-great people. Record crowds at both speeches. Something big is happening. Pols are all talk. Make America great again!
   If you don't run
 On sale today. Things That Matter in paperback. With a new section on the Obama years. Book sucks!
Dummy political pundit  constantly pressed the crazy war in Iraq. Many lives and trillions of dollars wasted. U.S. got NOTHING!
 HEY! I got my photos autographed and shook  's hand in Mason City.    no bs Donald if you run I'm in PA you will get my vote for sure.
_42 DonaldTrump You're going to be the greatest President this country has ever seen. I hope you win.  
. pretends to be a smart guy
   is a progressive making money off of the Conservative viewership A total loser!
 Donald Trump I Would Be the Jobs President One of the worst and most boring political pundits on television is . A totally overrated clown who speaks without knowing facts
 I want to see  run for president.
 Go to work
 Trump 4 president! 
   epic things will be done! He will make the changes that we need!
With great patriots in Mason City who also want to bring the American Dream back! We can Make America Great Again! Standing ovation after promising to bring the American Dream back
Standing room only in Mason City
Via  by  Donald Trump stops in Coralville _luv I'm on the fence but if  runs then I'm all good
Trump Nat'l Golf Club
Entrepreneurs Vision remains vision until you focus
Re Negotiation Think about what the other side wants. Know where they're coming from. View any conflict as an opportunity. Be flexible.
Entrepreneurs Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one.
  I have just one question please...will you be running for President 2016? We really need you!
_WJ_Milne  looking forward to seeing you there in the Tar Heel State! 
Fortunately for a quarterback
Just as I predicted
Excited to be returning to the  State Convention as the Keynote of Saturdays dinner!  is a strong Conservative state party!
Bureaucratic red tape and overregulation are discouraging the American dream. Its time for a bold new direction! Via  Trump to jet in to unveil Trump  clubhouse Looking forward to visiting Mason City
I love it when people doubt me. It makes me work harder to prove them wrong.  Derek Jeter
The Trans-Pacific Partnership will increase our trade deficits &amp; send even more jobs overseas. This is a bad deal. Time for smart trade!
    get my  for President of the Unites States of America! 
 Sound The Trumpets For A Trump 2016 Presidential Run Hear what he has to say   After watching 2h Trump interviews
  Interview  during Jim Kelly Shootout..  Sometimes your best investments are the ones you do not make. Donald Trump 03.06 0745
Too bad I don't get this for political speeches- they cost me a fortune! The Spa  offers unique treatments that use traditional Hawaiian botanicals &amp; healing techniques   Time for USA to get back on track Trump for President
 Rephrase &amp; quote Al Davis.   Don't disappoint. There isn't another way 2 make America great again
  for pres 2016 
    Definitely a great president!!
  does Mister Runyan think that Donald Trump would make a good president
  awaiting your response on June 16. You would be the best ever.
  Check out what a great quarterback you once were. With Jim Kelly many years ago. _pardue   please sir run we need AMERICA BACK YOU CAN DO THIS A TRUE BELIEVER
 I honestly believe that  would make a great president  Thank you.
  Trump for President!
 Vote Trump for President 2016 Americans last hope Donald Trump... Let's take OUR country back. Vote for the Don 2016
  Please run!!! USA needs a leader!
 golf at donald trump's place is always a good idea   Just Do it!
_Avella  lets go 
 I care about are country &amp; that is why ill vote for  if he runs he BETTER run coz Amercia needs saving &amp; FAST
_Snurk  set's the HIGHEST BAR OF ALL he is great &amp; will ! He has SMARTS
 DonaldTrump Wish I could be there! Can't wait for 06/16/15  11am!   Entrepreneurs Set the bar high and resolve to be bigger than your problems. Who's the boss?
Entrepreneurs There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface. Having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice.
Entrepreneurs Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau
The Constitution is the guide which I never will abandon - George Washington
. is proud to be hosting  where all 4 Major Champions will square off. October 2015. Via _Liberty_Voice by Melody Dareing Donald Trump Wants to Build a Wall Between U.S. And Mexico Via  Donald Trump vows to be the 'greatest representative of Christians' if he wins White House All the haters &amp; losers must admit that
While Jon Stewart is a joke
_dunnn2  My summer would be made if Donald Trump decides to submit a bid for a presidential campaign. We need Trump! June 16th!!
June 16th- Awarded 5 Stars by 

For those of you that have conveniently forgotten
Jon Stewart is the most overrated joke on television. A wiseguy with no talent. Not smart
_Truth_Sir   A great way to start out the Monday. Thanks!
   I luv Donald Trump
  killed it on 
  run !!! We need a real winner in the white house not another all talk no action politician! !!
I will be on  at 700 A.M.  ENJOY!
 HEY! I hope to meet  on Thursday in Mason City
 Donald Trump has constructed a wonder of a golf course in the Bronx  As long as youre going to be thinking anyway
 Money was never a big motivation for me
 Donald Trump's poll numbers would qualify him for a GOP debate
  Trump for President!!!
 I love my time at ! The staff handle my valuables with utmost care
  Trump for President
_shepler  This trooper needs you to run    vote for Trump unless u want to keep getting fucked by isis
  Are you happy with current polls? Congrats on the success so far.
_MeganEve    
   Can't America wake up and realize we need a true patriot like yourself to lead this country. 
 counting down the days to June 16. Why?  knows why.
 Would give anything for  to run for President!! If there's anyone who can fix our country
  Stewart is not worth the attention you are giving him. Probably true
 Bought 2 bottles of  Cologne/Deodorant so that I can smell like a winner&amp;a PRESIDENT!   
 Not sure why I didn't follow  before now. Seems like something I should have done ages ago...
   then trump need to put his hat in the ring so we can vote for him
  what about playing at 's in Florida. His golf course is amazing !
  vote for trump or we will end up having to learn mandarin. People please wake up.
  Trump for President!!!
  The Don is our guy... the man who will set things straight. Donald Trump for President.
For those of you that have conveniently fotgotten
I would like to offer Vice President Biden my warmest condolences on the loss of his wonderful son
  Jonathan Stuart Leibowitz
All the haters and losers must admit that
While Jon Stewart is a joke
_pete    I know he can and will
    Your country needs you. Run.
 Joe Scarborough Thinks Donald Trump Can 'Shake Things Up' In 2016 Election Jon Stewart is the most overrated joke on television. A wiseguy with no talent. Not smart
_Blanch94  Time for you to announce and run for president Mr. Trump! 
Wow
Confidence is contagious. So is lack of confidence. - Vince Lombardi
ICYMI
Via   New York Debuts Sizzling Summer Offerings Donald Trump To Be In Mason City June 4th   was something weve been working on for years and Donald Trump got it to the finish line. - 
Trump Int'l Golf Links &amp; Hotel
Entrepreneurs Ask yourself What can I provide that does not yet exist? Be open to new ideas. Be innovative!
Entrepreneurs Set the example. You can motivate others as well as yourself by remembering that you are setting the example.
Entrepreneurs Getand keepyour momentum going. Without momentum
Required reading 4 success in politics &amp; life read 's book . Brilliant Advice ! 

 Thanks for calling in . Always a pleasure to chat with you!  And my pleasure
  DonaldTrump is the 21st century Ronald Reagan. Intelligent. Bold. Surrounded by good people. Gets the job done.
 RT  ObamaCare premiums could jump as high as 51% I had a fantastic time with  at the grand opening of the great . Watch the video- Face reality as it is
Its time for politicians to be reminded they work for us! We can get it done. Lets Make America Great Again! ObamaCare premiums could jump as high as 51% Common Core is a federal takeover of school curriculum. Department of Education should be disbanded not expanded. Focus on local education.
Via  by Malcolm Unwell Taking Trump Seriously Get some face time in The Spa at  My  int. on  on how to defeat ISIS
Via  by  Donald Trump 'We Must Make America Great Again'

In the end
Watch
 Whats it like to play Donald Trumps Ferry Point golf course in the Bronx?   What its like to play  New York City golf course    Cool photo but I want to see Trump glistening from inside the White House!
    everything obama touches goes to hell
     She'll never go out of style ...  True!
   love this guy - no fake account
  _claw2 Please Please run! This country is going down the drain
  U.S. Is a 'Laughingstock
    I agree with this man in every way 
 Donald Trump has constructed a wonder of a golf course in the Bronx  I wasn't satisfied just to earn a good living. I was looking to make a statement.  Donald Trump
  for president
Politicians are all talk and no action. Bush and Rubio couldn't answer simple question on Iraq. They will NEVER make America great again!
   we need your leadership now in this country - enter the prez race please; time for real change 
  Trump hotel Vegas glistening in sunshine      RunTrump
   Melania would be the best looking First Lady we've had in a looong time.
  potentially the most beautiful first lady of all time!!!  True.
   . The only REAL CAPITALIST you can honestly vote for.
     Beautiful Lady!
  a part of becoming a great leader is to claim it! Do it.  
  Hopefully our future First Lady!!!  She would be amazing!
_1  would lead polls the second he announces candidacy! America is waiting for him to LEAD us out of this mess!
 . We have a president who has no clue what he's doing.     the art of the deal in action. There's a pinch of Reagan in there.  Thank you.
 Yesterday  opening day      Fed UP with stupid polititians! Donald Trump is SMART! He can make things GO! Please !!
 Bush and Obama surrounded themselves with inept yes men. Trump will take advice from the finest nonpartisans in America!
  _claw2 Please Please run! This country is going down the drain
     YES Donald right again...but they had Give'm Hell Harry for Pres...Not Pres Tweedledum &amp; the nanny congress!
    I agree with this man in every way 
_claw2  You're right Mr. Trump I am fed up with politicians! We need You to Lead America and make our nation Great.
   I love Mr. Trump's honesty. We need an honest and passionate leader and FIRE THE REST!
   he is transforming America
  must run &amp; must win! 
Good advice from my mother 

Good advice from my father Know everything you can about what you're doing.   Fred C. Trump
 elated at official grand opening of 

In business
  Hi Mr. Trump I was at the new Ferry Point Golf Club today and it is Beautiful!  Thanks. Enjoy!
Resolve never to quit

On 800 pristine Miami acres
A quote from the late
 Sheer persistence is the difference between success and failure.Donald Trump
 Would rather have a dynamic
     And God Bless our Troops!     Thanks.
_vince  That means he can get the better of china..china control bush.obama.....Trump uses
  Politicians and diapers must be changed often
_vince  all planet earth wants the deal king trump to clean up the bush..obama mess Wow
 Jack Nicklaus elated at official grand opening of Ferry Point via  Congrats   I want to see YOU represent
_lal  You should be president! I believe in you   Thanks.
  I don't even live in the States
 DonaldTrump    Which is why he should run and show these clowns how things should be done.
  No one builds a golf course better than you. Played Trump Ireland and Scotland as well as US Thanks Jen!
Will be doing  interview  tomorrow. So much to talk about!
  honored to be at the Grand Opening Ceremony of Trump National Ferry Point today     DonaldTrump trump is the only non politician who will actually do what he says. All the rest all talk
  You should be president
_vince I am praying sir u wil b president in 2016..end the scam of foreign aid..make other countries PAY for help..you INSPIRE...
   Iraqis will never learn to fight if we continue to bail them out...
_umoney       Great interview Sandra. Ivanka kicks butt and takes names
_vince  bring jobs back from asia and mexico..vote trump for wage justice
  It's almost June &amp; time for the big announcement!!   
    
 Two great families come together to create a masterpiece.  DonaldTrump   &amp; only POTUS candidate 2 support Tom Brady deserves the White House. Clear judgment &amp; common sense for USA ! 
.'s new book Adios
Everyone's dream can come true if you just stick to it and work hard. - 
Entrepreneurs Realize that persistence can go a long way. Being stubborn is often an attribute.
Entrepreneurs Problems are a mind exercise. Enjoy the challenge.
Entrepreneurs See yourself as victoriouslook at the solution
If any candidate believes that with what we know today we still should have invaded Iraq then they are unqualified to be Commander-in-Chief.
Whether you think you can or think you can't-you are right.  Henry Ford
My honor. _Aleshaxo  Now that just put a smile on my face!  Keeping the faith that you will run. 
   Things would be so much better!   True.
  Waiting to hear you will run for President in 2016.  Watch.
_Aleshaxo Good morning  I'm still hoping to hear   You've my vote.  Stay tuned!
    MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
  didnt shine as governor in NYS why would he become president of the united states  True!
 Coming up  on  talking about his new golf course in the Bronx! What else is on your mind?
I will be going to Trump Links at Ferry Point for the official opening of this long delayed  (but future NYC treasure) course. Great job D
    Can't think of a better candidate. -Donald Trump
  please deeply consider running for office. Cannot think of a better candidate   Thanks.
   O personally I think you would be a great president for our country 
_helpit DonaldTrump  Everyone wants you to run. Why don't you? You would be perfect. President Donald Trump has a good ring to it
 David 's Top 10 The  List Members Who've Appeared The Most  Like I said before we need to run the country more like a business. Who better than  to turn us around. 
 Economically
  I beg you to run Stay tuned!
 First time at Doral since the renovations
_109  _0303 we need  to run and we would be good
 Donald Trump Never a Greater Enemy to Israel Than Obama   I try to learn from the past
 Donald Trump on Mexico I would build a wall like nobody can build a wall The middle-class has become the new poor in this country and our incompetent politicians are unable to do anything about it.They don't care!
_Snurk  TRUMP Hero. Energetic
_tom  we can't get you in the WH fast enough. The drip/drip of horrendous policies is now a flood.  Watch.
_tom  we can't get you in the WH fast enough. The drip/drip of horrendous policies is now a flood. Go get 'em!
   Loved all you had to say today!! So true all of it! That's what we need to hear Truth!! You give me HOPE!!
  I enjoyed hearing you again this Memorial Day ! I am partial to you - trustworthy American
   keep telling it like it truly is! God Bless You And Yours!!
  We're all very proud of you
  As usual
I will be interviewed on  at 700 A.M.
_deweaver Who`s the (social media) King of New York? - I would like to wish everyone
Nobody understands politicians like I do - all talk and no action. They will never get our country where it needs to be
 Yes
Think BIG! You are going to be thinking anyway
 Is the White House Big Enough for Donald Trump? | RealClearPolitics  Money was never a big motivation for me
 VIDEO Donald Trump Issues Epic Promise to  if Elected President  Donald Trump I have created tens of thousands of jobs  Donald Trump speaks on 2016ers
 Donald Trump says hed be the greatest representative of the Christians if elected president  . 'I Want to Make the Country Great Again' _REPORT Opens private 757 jet to reporters...  After years of fanfare
_CutRock AIR FORCE TRUMP The zillionaire pol dishes about Rand
  would be better then Jeb Bush  By a whole lot!
 
 Very entertaining interview with . Last quote in article is hilarious ..  Best looking building in Chicago   For my birthday today I'd like to see  make it official that he's running for president!  
_vince  strong clear decisive leader needed..vote trump  Thank you!
 RT  I would endorse  in a presidential run!
 I see you
  Can't wait for your exciting June announcement! Keep posting videos
 People get so mad when I tell them the only person I would even consider voting for in 2016 is  if he runs
  you are convincing me more and more..  That's good news!
 I'm sold on 
  Announce you're running already! We need you!   I agree
 I'm surprised  didn't quote all of  Hopefully in June they will be quoting you right! 
 Why won't you run for  and just shut all these idiots up once and for all?? Show them how is should be done!!
 Wait  is really running for President? Just saw his campaign site!
   Donald it's all lip flappin till you get serious...Are you in or just playing us?  JUNE!!!!
    all I have to say is- TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT!
    Competing show!
    Sometimes Megyn thinks she has an agenda. It pays to be humble &amp; just report the news!!
_trevino    Donald
    all I have to say is- TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT! Stay tuned!
    Students at New York Institute of Technology are rooting for you Mr. Trump!
I told  that  and I had identical views on a certain issue and she cut it out of the taped interview. Why? Too bad!
A strong America creates opportunity and growth. We just need to change Washington. Lets Make America Great Again! On this Memorial Day holiday
Patriotism is supporting your country all the time
  I will look forward to your debate performance! I believe this country could use a leader like you! Good luck!
Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point Grand Opening next Tuesday May 26th at 11 AM. Jack Nicklaus will be joining me. If I run
Our country is not going to have a comeback with any politician. - my  speech
Audience chanting RUN TRUMP RUN! during my my  speech! They are going to be very happy...
I said don't invade Iraq from the very beginning. - my  speech
I am going to save Social Security without any cuts. I know where to get the money from. Nobody else does. - my  speech
Via  by  &amp;  Mr. Trump Goes to Washington And Talks 2016 Many Republicans support TPP. They are stupid. We have stupid Republicans too. We need to keep jobs here! - my  speech
Negotiation is a true talent. It is an art. And our politicians are killing our country b/c they don't have it. -  speech
I would triple the sanctions on Iran if the American pastor is not released. - my   speech
I make good deals. That's what I do. I would make great deals for our country. - my  speech
Just received huge applause when I said Berghdal should be sent back to Afghanistan!  speech is sold out with record crowd.
Wouldn't it be nice if our government could build a wall on the border under budget and ahead of schedule?! - my  speech.
Looking forward to receiving 2015 Statesman of the Year award tonight by . A record 2
Entrepreneurs In the best negotiations
Entrepreneurs Believe in yourself. If you don't
Entrepreneurs Be totally focused. Being successful requires nothing less than 100% of your concentrated effort.
Just 30 minutes from Manhattan
   I am with you Mr Trump! I want to make America great again. It can be! Our spirit is not broken
    Is always nice to listen to you because you answer
Via  by  Is the White House Big Enough for Donald Trump?  Flashback NYers were grateful when Donald Trump finished ahead of schedule and under budget the Wollman Rink Always be prepared to start. - 
Via  by Robert Silk Renovations make Trump's Doral a showcase once again     He is the only one who could save us!!
 I LOVE  BECAUSE HE''S BRAVE
  TRUMP VOTE TRUMP VOTE TRUMP HE IS THE BEST VOTE TRUMP SHOW YOU'RE INTELIGENCE VOTE TRUMP TO SAVE AMERCIA
 The Q Is Will The  Run For President? We Shall Wait And See.  Just watch!
  The world would be a better place if businessmen like Donald Trump had more say in the day to day business
 . 'I Want to Make the Country Great Again'  Is America ready for Donald Trump as president? Why Donald Trump Wont Touch Your Entitlements DES MOINES
 Is America ready for Donald Trump as president? _pete  America great again. We need a outsider to bring class and discernment back to our nation. We need 
 Mr. Trump you are the most qualified candidate. This nation needs your leadership
_Snurk We need MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! ONLY PATRIOTS ALLOWED!!  VOTE VOTE VOTE TRUMP
 We need change
 Trump 'I Want to Make the Country Great Again'  Thanks  
 All it will take for evil to prevail is for good people to do nothing.  you have to run! 
   trump you know how to get this country moving on the right track. Go ahead and run for pres
 Wishing this moment to come
. Had a dream that  was POTUS and  was VP. Our country was finally debt free. Too bad it was only a dream
  Mr. Trump keep us informed of your presidential bid
  waiting on Trump to Pump the economy!
 you run or not(Praying U Do) your getting my vote.I am writing you in if you don't run.Your our best hope 
 The only way I'm voting for president is if  runs  Cute!
   put your hat in the ring - I'll vote for you. Get busy trump
_pete  -Trump the players in this presidential race..... 
_kismet15   he also knows what is like to start from humble beginnings and make it to Wharton business school
_kismet15    i cant wait to see you on Gregs new show! You get my vote.
.  New book is excellent and so true! Congrats!
  I have said for a long time we need a businessman in the White House
_tullos10  said he would build a wall on the southern border... Got my vote!!
  Count me in! Anything I can do to help.. 
    DonaldTrump  Trump is so right about Geller. Megyn
 I really wish  would run for president.
   Bringing jobs back from China &amp; Asia is a winning issue. He'll capture the Reagan Democrats. Hope he runs.
_R_2014   - He would fix this complete mess. America needs Trump. We don't need Obama.
   not if...
_marryyy  was right. Correct infrastructure wouldn't even let trains go that fast to then blame it on excessive speed
   just watched
   plz plz run our country has gone to hell..we need a smart business icon no more political liars!
   great job Mr. Trump! I will be 100% in your corner if you choose to make America great again!
  Great job on  now I'm BUSTING to know if ur running! ! 
   Pretty much says it like it is.
   shame on Megyn.Trump has more exp than all the candidates combined.Hes the only 1 2 turn this thing around. True!
Signing The Facebook Wall- I had a great time today visiting Facebook NY. .  Will be on Fox now. Watch and enjoy!
I will be interviewed on 's The Kelly File tonight. Be sure to watch on  !
Our country has tremendous potential. Together
Yesterday the White House claimed its ISIS strategy is a 'success.' Tell that to the Christians being beheaded. We need to hit ISIS hard!
My  int. discussing the persecution of Christians in the Middle East &amp; Religious Liberty &amp; Freedom My  int. from Iowa on how I would build a wall to secure our Southern Border &amp; deduct costs from Mexico Looking forward to being awarded the 2015 Statesman of the Year by  this Thursday. A record 2
Via  Donald Trump Sends Message to  Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point is a Jack Nicklaus Signature Design 18 hole course
I had a great time answering as many questions as possible in sixty seconds at  NY today-    Will make America as successful as his empire! WE NEED TRUMP!
 To make America great again we must  &amp; understand that it's  on China!  will do that!
What people dont know about Kasich- he was a managing partner of the horrendous Lehman Brothers when it totally destroyed the economy!
I now see John Kasich from Ohio- who is desperate to run- is using my line Make America Great Again. Typical pol- no imagination!
There is no way my friend Bob Kraft agreed not to appeal the NFL decision without making a deal to at least get something. We love Tom Brady
_helpit  run for President. You'd have my vote _Batie   totally agree that this country is in ruins and needs to be restored back to the way our forefathers intended
  President Trump ... has a nice ring to it. Trump2016  Thank you.
  is the key to success.  Thanks.
  its time 2 run 4 president &amp; 
 Ready for your interview on    enjoyed and watched every interview of yours for 
  is always kicking ass.    .  WOW
 VOTE  FOR POTUS SO HE CAN STOP ALL THESE FAKE-ASS POLITICIANS!
A MUST WATCH - TRULY BEAUTIFUL!  Amazing Turnberry Ailsa course changes from    Trump announces soft opening of riverfront event spaces  _com -    Your my only hope
  kick Obamas ass and run for president already.
 Have never voted in a presidential election but when i do  will get my vote! 
  get it on and get this nation back. Kick ass
  run for president
     _ArmyWife Thank you for a wonderful gathering and for supporting the . Proud to be a Texas Fellow 
  cant wait til your anouncment . You have my vote . Lets make america great again
  I hope you run. America needs it badly.
 2 minutes 20 in
   I'm still expecting  to swoop in and save the day  Stay tuned.
 My prediction  will declare his candidacy near Memorial Day or July 4th.   
With Sen. Elizabeth Dole &amp;  Caregiver Fellows. Tremendous people caring for our military &amp; veterans! Incredible progress at   Punta del  Este
Actions are the seed of fate 

Entrepreneurs Remember the golden rule of negotiating  he who has the gold makes the rules.
Entrepreneurs Work on what you will be proud to be associated with. Make your work count.
Entrepreneurs  Be tough
TPP does not stop Japans currency manipulation &amp; China has a backdoor to join. It must be stopped. We need to protect the American worker!
Our debt finances Chinas military. It's time to get tough  we hold all the cards. Lets Make America Great Again! Via  by _under_current Donald Trump Will End Outsourcing If President FLASHBACK via  from 2004 Donald Trump Would 'Fire' Bush Over Iraq Invasion It's called great vision.

Trump I created tens of thousands of jobs Remember when Jeb gave Hillary a medal on the 1 year anniversary of Benghazi?! Host of the  &amp; 
Congrats to  on his new  show! Greg makes great TV and is a terrific guy.
__Lewis  Mr Trump you could become the best POTUS of all time. Your business scorecard speaks for itself. Thanks.
_Shields  is living proof that with hard work and dedication
      _chanelelle_ Donald Trump is my inspiration in life  love u Donald u the real mvp!!
 you DonaldTrump for speaking the truth &amp; saying what many of us have been.  Great Article
 I see you        DonaldTrump If Mr Trump runs and becomes the next President you can rest assure he would address them swiftly!
_leduc  for president and Tom Brady for his VP  Cute!
  my husband and myself are praying you run for president. Thank you!
 Politicians are all talk and no action. Lets make America great again. Mr. Trump
  Pinnacle of Chicago skyline  .- a great place! Via David Ebner re Stanley Cup &amp; Trump poster If youre going to be thinking anything
Gallup finds Des Moines
   im ready for u to make america great again
  Look forward to hearing you every Monday on . You are exactly what this country needs!!!
  ignoring haters and losers is the best medicine of success
 politicians have very little real knowledge
Marco Rubio had no idea what he was doing on Chris Wallace show. Said Iraq was not a mistake. He looked clueless!
_chheda   damn.. a lot of haters follow u....  Haters and losers!
    Mr. Trump I would vote for you
  Looking forward to your announcement! 
 RT Via  by  Bring back jobs from overseas  Love it! I hope you do run we need a change sir 
   Brian don't try take Trump on with your wit. He got you beat
  Mr Trump glad to hear you say We are going to make this Country Great Again! Your honest you tell it like it
  ..can't wait til June Mr. President
  Donald
   you are the best  Thanks.
_Sengul   Just run for President Donny
I will be on  at 700 A.M. So much to talk about but not much good news for the U.S.A. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
  sen. hillary clinton voted for the war
Wow
 km  Really not surprising....Mr. Trump please end the speculation and make the announcement that your going to go 4 it
 Can you just announce already that you're running for president so I can campaign for you. 
  Mr Trump - when are you announcing your candidacy so you can clean house on the current candidates?   Stay tuned
  You're really the best
  run  run!!!!
  please run
  Jebs got no IQ ... same as his brother.
I laugh when I see Marco Rubio and Jeb Bush pretending to love each other
Marco Rubio was a complete disaster today in an interview with Chris Wallace  concerning our invading Iraq.He was as clueless as Jeb
Jeb Bush gave five different answers in four days on whether or not we should have invaded Iraq.He is so confused.Not presidential material!
Via  by  Bring back jobs from overseas  I hope and pray- .  . remarks at   on   We need a real American to run our country and that real man is . Get this country back on track.
 Waiting for  to announce for president
  _13_Hulton Why not run for president? You are the best for America and the world
   hehe I totally agree! Donald makes me mad sometimes but I low key adore him!  Noce.
   Donald Trump could turn this thing around .... WATCH.
_txpurple _13_Hulton Go Donald . Saying go for it. I think you would make a great President but miss you on Apprentice
_pete   -I'm all aboard the Trump Train. I know it won't derail. 
 Here are 14 reasons why  is running and doing well   at your place in Chicago
_13_Hulton Best book I've ever read    We love u too Mr. Trump even though u make us mad sometimes.  Cute!
 Joining Reagan as POTUS with a star on the walk of fame ?   Always great to visit with   one-on-one with The Donald in Des Moines this afternoon   You could change this country around! True and thanks!
Today is armed forces day. Thank you to our military service members! I love you all!
Received a standing ovation in packed house  after Sam Clovis intro! Let's Make America Great Again!  DonaldTrump has been Building / Stimulating Cities around the Globe his whole life   Thanks
 Tomorrow  will be speaking at IA Natl Security Action Summit 130pm. Join us. I am in Iowa today
Excited to be speaking at   Iowa National Security Action Summit tomorrow at 130PM! Via _Media 14 Reasons Donald Trump Is Really Running  and Doing Well Looking forward to being interviewed by Sam Clovis tomorrow at  in Sioux City at 10AM CT! Lets Make America Great Again!
Via  by 

Via  by  Trump inches closer to a decision Excited to keynote of the sold-out Pottawattamie County Republican Party Lincoln/Reagan Dinner tonight! .  Bill
I cannot believe how bad Jeb Bush looks with his insane answer on Iraq
 might be the the smartest business man alive.But it's your honesty in your opinions that separate you from the field
  I hope you decide to really run for President this time. Are you going to make a decision soon? Very soon
  - US infrastructure is seriously deficient - anTrump is the only one talking about it !! Lets go Trump !!
    After McCain and Romney
   Hey
   - all these pols are such ass kissing fakes - trump is theonly one speaking truthTrump for pres !!! 2016
 It was such an honor to meet  today in New Hampshire! What a great man!   _numba   you are the best mr trump
Via  by  ChrisCassidy_BH Donald Trump says Jeb Bush is wrong about Iraq Trump Int'l Hotel &amp; Golf Links Ireland (formerly The Lodge at Doonbeg) is a 5 star resort fronting the Atlantic Ocean  Japan has faster trains &amp; better safety. What is wrong with us?? AMTRAK!  could easily fix!
 Jeb Bush
Failure isnt fatal
  Donald you would have fired Jeb Bush a long time ago on the apprentice  True!
  I can't wait to see you destroy Hillary in a debate!  We must win and make America great again!
_Hurwitz  WOW YOU ARE GREAT AND YOUR HAIR IS AWESOME  Wow
  IF anyone in the GOP field was SINCERE they would ENDORSE DONALD J TRUMP to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
Going to New Hampshire
I call Jeb Bush the reluctant warrior - he just doesn't want to be doing this
Who ever heard of a legal conviction statement more probable than not against Tom Brady? Sue them
I hope Tom Brady sues the hell out of the  for incompetence &amp; defamation. They will drop the case against himand he will win.
You can be an  player with murder charges and not be suspended. Yet with NO EVIDENCE
Needed Leaders who negotiate smart trade deals.Only one knows The Art of The Deal. Lets Make America Great Again! Huge Townhall tomorrow at 5PM in the NH Barrington Middle School! Thanks to  for hosting! Lets Make America Great Again!
Looking forward to touring the  world headquarters tomorrow! One of the top gun manufacturers in the US!  
Thanks  for hosting me tomorrow at the Two International Group! Looking forward to making new friends &amp; discussing  topics.
Donald Trump trademarked Reagan slogan &amp; would like to stop other Republicans from using it Via _investor by  The Trump Card Make America Great Again  Thanks
My major hotel conversion of The Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Avenue in D.C. is under budget and ahead of schedule. Should be U.S.A.
We are rebuilding other countries while our own country is going to HELL. Time to rebuild the U.S.A.! Tell our stupid politicians
I am the BEST builder
TRAIN WRECK just the beginning. Our roads
Remember
The only one to fix the infrastructure of our country is me - roads
_esque   Good point. We just really need your help Donald!
 . This is why we need a real leader in the White House. 
 ! Amtrak crash near Philadelphia
Jeb Bush really blew his interview with  - should cost him big time. Said he would do the disastrous  Iraq war all over again
_Taylor78  You'd have my vote!  Great.
 Enjoying day 1 of my stay in  's hotel   
  Wish you were president of the United States would be the greatest time to be living brother.
My  interview on Tom Brady
Polling strong

Glad the Trans-Pacific Partnership failed in the Senate. Bad deal for American worker &amp; economy! We need SMART TRADE! Via  Streetsense Brings The National
Via  DONALD TRUMP RICH PEOPLE DONT LIKE MEPOOR
Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits.  Thomas Edison
Entrepreneurs Look at the solution
Entrepreneurs Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunites and possibilities &amp; thinking too small can negate a lot of them.
Entrepreneurs Be passionate. You have to love what you're doing to be successful at it.
   I hope the Don throws his hat in the ring for POTUS. He can't be bought!  He said this country is going to Hell
  Trump is the man 
 Trump for President!  Tom Brady as running mate?
  People are very naive if they think only the Patriots do this. Had no effect on the game. Go to court
I was proud to be one of Ronald Reagan's earliest supporters. Like Reagan

Sue them Tom!  What a STUPID deal for Verizon to buy AOL for $4.4 billion. AOL has been bad luck for everyone who touched it. Worth less than $1 billion!
  u are the people's hero. TRUMP 2016 you've got my vote! Thanks.
 Donald Trump is rising in NH
 In new Bloomberg poll
One of the dumber and least respected of the political pundits is Chris Cillizza of the Washington Post . Moron hates my poll numbers
 Tom Brady is about to win the next 5 Super Bowls and visit  in the White House. Very cool!
_smith10  for President! 
  China to build military base in Africa next to critical choke oil transport- zerohedge Why do we always try to destroy our true champions and winners in this country
People are so jealous of Tom Brady and the Patriots. No court could convict based on the evidence.They can't beat him on the field
Can you imagine
They had no definitive proof against Tom Brady or . If Hillary doesn't have to produce Emails
Government's first duty is to protect the people
Great shot by  yesterday. Lebron is a tough competitor who delivers under pressure.
Do what you can
  Thank you Jill
  greatest country on earth
  My man has never voted in an election said he would vote for Trump for President.
  One of the Best speeches I have ever heard and it was clearly heartfelt!!  Thank you.
. in 5 minutes.
Denzel Washington gave a wonderful commencement speech over the weekend. From the heart!
A great job by  in winning The Players yesterday. Finally
I will be interviewed on  at 700 this morning. Plenty to talk about!
How come there are no protests in favor of the two young police officers gunned down in Mississippi by two deranged animals. DEATH PENALTY!
  EXCELLENT SPEECH AT SC FREEDOM SUMMIT! YOU NEED TO RUN!  _USA run  run!!! 
 I stayed up to 4 am last night reading a  book !!  Great!
_Flurry Looking forward to hearing  speak Saturday night in Iowa. See you there - record breaking crowd!
   pretty shotty math A- + C- = A-   Very dishonest reporting by Halperin. He knows - total scam!
Happy  to all the great mothers out there!   just run Damnit......roll Trump roll....kickass
 Dr Ben Carson  will just need to sweat it out until Donald Trump leaves the White House on 20 January 2025.
Big crowds
  SC Freedom Summit FULL Speech DJT  Crowd goes wild for Trump at SC Summit! 's in; I know he's in. His Scooby-Doo van _Davis  Thoroughly enjoyed your speech in SC. Thanks Jim.
  has been stimulating Cities all over the World Plowing through political BS his whole life. 
_REPORT Trump To Blast Trade Pact In Radio Ads...  . takes a stroll with    Are you announcing your run for president? You are Americas last hope! Stay tuned!
  Non-hunters don't get it. The Hunting community raises over $2billion dollars annually for conservation. 
  THANK-YOU!!! I hope you are running for POTUS! Got my vote!
    The Elephants in Zimbabwe are so abundant that they are devastating the National Forest.
    Bc the Elephants are so many
  you can make U.S. great by running for POTUS! You have my vote a million times over 
 Excited to hear GOP candidates at the Freedom Summit today in Greenville
My two sons
. is doing a really good job on Fox
Leaving for the GREAT STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA now to make a speech about how to MAKE OUR COUNTRY GREAT AGAIN!
  The King of Turnberry! Fabulous! What an amazing place!
 Envision It DonaldTrump is Prez
. did a great job of winning tonight - played like champions!
            
 interviews
  Mr. Trump. Please run and save this country from going to hell. You got my vote. Thanks.
Thank you  and keep up the great work!
Great job tonight 
 Keep a good attitude and do the right thing even when it's hard. When you do that you are passing the test. - 
I've dealt w/politicians throughout the world. My deals are multi-faceted  transactions which involve many issues. I know the process &amp; win!
Tom Brady would have won if he was throwing a soccer ball. He is my friend and a total winner! 
A strong military makes us respected by our allies &amp; feared by our enemies. Lets Make America Great Again! Via  by Will Folks THE DONALD REBUKES OBAMATRADE Iowa hirings suggest Donald Trump serious about 2016 White House bid Via _Media by Donald Trump Don't Give Obama Fast-Track Trade Authority Via   eyes new projects in Abu Dhabi for Trump Organization     WE KNOW YOU ARE A PATRIOT..WE ARE GRATEFUL FOR YOU..YOU LOVE AMERICA..AMERICA LOVES YOU.
 Best thing about this fight is randomn celeb sightings so far Tom Brady
_REPORT Trump To Blast Trade Pact In Radio Ads... _Media Donald Trump Don't Give Obama Fast-Track Trade Authority  . takes a stroll with  .  It was great being with you on  this morning. So many people saw and loved the piece. Great work!
 With my friend  Huckabee is a nice guy but will never be able to bring in the funds so as not to cut Social Security
I was the first &amp; only potential GOP candidate to state there will be no cuts to Social Security
If I run
     Donald you keep saying you could fix this country! That would be great. Then run!!!
 If Obama isnt able to solve Baltimores issue
 Trump Collection is planning hotels in Dubai
   2016  for President - YES!!!
   I'd vote Trump
     HAS MY VOTE......PLEASE RUN FOR PRESIDENT
The United States needs great deals - and fast. We have to make our country rich again in order to MAKE OUR COUNTRY GREAT AGAIN!
  Donald Trump's beach mansion is the biggest thing I've ever seen   You should run for president Mr. Trump! You're a great man and I would love to see what you could do for the United States!
._Graham  Great job on  this morning. You beautifully stated what most people are thinking! Say hi to all.
 Via  by  Donald Trump To Blast Obama Trade Pact In Radio Ads A Bad
Via HT Politics  We got a look round the work being done at  Looking great!    Without a doubt
 After I complete reading  autobiography I will read your book; Trump Never Give Up. You're an inspiration !
 Please run ! With your toughness and business experience you can put this country back on track!  Very true.
  Sir. With all dew respect
 . is trying hard but apparently DonaldTrump is not looking to engage. No idea who she is
  You're the most logical person I follow on Twitter!
_clark  Get into office and tell CONgress You're fired!  
  a man's children speak much of him. U have raised them well &amp; will represent us well. U will win. Thanks.
  just confirm your intention and lets put the matter to rest
 Time for you to tell  'You're fired!'.  We need someone who loves America in office!
 I want to see a man that's not a career politician in office. America FORGOT what a great leader can do! 
  I will.
  We will!
 You didnt build an empire on Hope you built it on Hard work and dedication. Balancing budgets and making profits. RUN SIR !
 We've got your back Mr. Trump! we're not politicians (all talk and no action). just let us know what you need us to do.
  got my vote! Need a real leader n a business man! No more corrupt politicians
 You have conquered so much in business. Your children will carry on your legacy. Now make America great again!!!
. is a total whack job who doesn't have a clue. Don't provoke the enemy
  You are my hero! I know you would be the greatest president to have ever set foot in office! Thank you.
 hoping you announce a 2016 run soon!  building more factories in Mexico!      I'll vote for trump in a heart beat. Not a politician but a very smart man True.
I hope all of the many thousands of people who are asking me to give up so much and RUN FOR PRESIDENT will   fight hard for victory if I do!
  See you Saturday in Greenville
  I agree
  for president!! Run and you got my vote.
  DT please get in the race for President
  At this point I'm voting for Trump!  Very smart!
Our country must get very strong and very tough - and fast
   Trump for President !!!!
 Please run Mr Trump.  
   he is the best person for the job
 RT    if you run for president im voting for you Great. I am dying for Donald to run and win
  See you on the 16th!   if you run for president im voting for you Great.
   Yes... ALL the WIN!....
Trump International Golf Club Turnberry
There can be no liberty unless there is economic liberty.  The Iron Lady Margaret Thatcher
Follow  for all the updates on my New Hampshire political activities. Looking forward to returning to the Granite State on May 14!
At the foot of Whitestone Bridge in the Bronx  offers  fantastic views of the Manhattan skyline  I am thrilled to share that the Trump Home furniture collection by 
Great story on  in  about our new Sky and Wellness Suites There is incredible progress on the site of Trump Tower Punta del Este
Our spa  gets a nice write-up in  
  You will Save this country. No one can beat the stupdity bettor then you. YOU ARE THE MAN! 
   I concur! Donald please run
   we don't know if Hil will get the Dem nomination. But Donald gives me hope.
  You really need to commit to a presidential run. You can beat Clinton!  The only one that can!
What would you do if a large group of Muslims had a very public meeting drawing horrible and mocking cartoons of Jesus? Oh really
 Time for  to make his big announcement about how he's going to put this country back on track!!  
  Time we had a real president who gets things done. Cheers to the JFK of the 21st century!  CUTE!
   ~~~Amen Ann...
   What a sad lineup the republicans have
_Annesi  You have done an incredible job of building an empire in the country!  Thanks.
  SO true! Much love Donald!
 Mr.Trump
The U.S. has enough problems without publicity seekers going out and openly mocking religion in order to provoke attacks and death. BE SMART
  Oh god. I agree with you.
  SO TRUE DONALD !!!
  It needs to be done
Nobody would fight harder for free speech than me but why  taunt
_jacobsanders_  cruising through downtown Chicago. Beautiful building!   please save our country!
 DonaldTrump Quit lolly gagging! Announce you're running already! We need someone with a brain to be the leader of the free world
 I believe its going to take that kind of tenacity
- here is when Darth Vader and I did some firing- With 46-stories and 391 beautiful rooms
Thrilled to hear that  has awarded  the 'Rakuten Diamond Award' for the 4th consecutive year! Congrats!
Deportations are plummeting If elected
Looking forward to _Bossie &amp;  _United Freed Summit in Greenville
Congress was elected last November to reign Obama in
Via   by    open the National at the Old Post Office Pavilion Congratulations to  and  for the  coverage on perks in luxury hotels Our amazing golf course     Mr.Trump you can beat all candidates im sure of it. You must run 
 Hearing you is a great way to start the week! Country needs true leadership.Hope to see your name on the ballot!!
 Coming up at 735am/et
  will you still be on this hour ? Have been watching but nothing yet...  Yes
 This planet would be a more prosperous and safe place if we had the awesome  in charge! 
I will be interviewed at 700 A.M. on  - Enjoy.
 Can't wait to hear what u say on fox and friends tomorrow. hope u talk about how lame  was 
  please run for president. We need you  Stay tuned.
 Republicans are working so my generation can achieve their American Dream   What this country needs is unification &amp; direction
_mann   100% agreed!!
I am the only one that knows how to build cities - pols are all talk and no action. Our cities need help
  HOW DO I SIGN UP TO BE A CAMPAIGN VOLUNTEER?!  You will be called!
  please run in 2016!!!
  People don't like it when  is right. For whatever reason.
   yes and he WILL bring companies back to the US  True.
Just got back from Las Vegas.  Hotel was fantastic in every way
   please. For real this time. We need you. Do not worry.
   For me
  if you dont run for president
   Just let me know when we can start calling you President Trump
  Please run for president and save us from the fools.  Stay tuned!
 I Agree.!!  Anyone who thinks my story is anywhere near over is sadly mistaken- Donald Trump 
 Kentucky Derby? More like Kentucky Losers! DonaldTrump is only horse in race that matters for America! Strong
   Yes- Trump wouldn't owe anyone anything. Important! So true!
 Be Bold....
      -Other candidates need to kowtow to their billionaires
  I can't wait to find out yes or no
  your candidacy would hit the GOP like a wrecking ball! Total game changer  Stay tuned!
  has never rushed into anything! We will wait on you! 
 DonaldTrump Mayweather is gonna win just like YOU gonna win Presdidency 2016 you R both WINNERS who deliver KNOCKOUTS!
  knows what it takes to WIN
  Look Mr.Trump
 IM NOT SURE IF HES RUNNING BUT I LOVE THE WAY HE CAN TALK&amp;RUN A WELL OILED BUSINESSHE CAN SPEAK SO ALL KNOW WHATS WHAT!
    It's not conceited
   trump is best thing to happen in golf since graphite. Everything 1st class.  Thanks!
 I work for Bridgestone golf and was at 3 of ur NJ courses for demo days this week and wanted to say the courses were great!
   well at least the Donald's arrogance is warranted  So true
.  Good luck tonight Floyd.
The racial divide in our country is almost at an all-time high - and getting worse every time you turn on the television.
   Great! All     should take the pledge not to vote unless Trump runs
Baltimore had a really tough night - only great leadership can solve the many inner-city problems facing our country. Jobs
  If you do not run for president
   Donald Trump would be an AWESOME president!
.  Great insight  in dealing with the media today. You are a wonderful representative of calm and reason
 Just spotted Trump Tower in . What a presence the building gives to the city! Props to  Thank you.
  Trump would make a good president because he knows how to make money
  if you don't run I won't vote
  _yvette _42 No more RINOs and fence sitters. We want Donald Trump for president !!!!!!
  _rugan coolest building in Chicago. Didn't think that was possible. Trump run for Prez
  I'm an activist
 Really enjoyed hearing you speak yesterday. Thanks for coming to the Woodlands! )   Thanks.
Plans to build wind farm near Trump Turnberry in Scotland have been dropped. GREAT!     
.  Also
 Plans for wind farm dropped at 's  golf resort   enjoying lunch at Trump Tower Grill. Your building is fantastic.
_rugani My hubby just spent a couple days here for a conference. He said it was incredible! Here's his pic! _Moreira  If you became President we would immigrate to the United States of America. For sure! Nice.
  I can't wait for your visit to Greenville
_yvette _42  I'd vote for him if he were our candidate. I'd go door-to-do for him
  _yvette Run Run what are you waiting for? Lots of support out here in york
Beautiful
 Never been more excited for a potential candidate as I am with DonaldTrump He is the only person who can beat HillaryClinton
 Take a look at our review of Trump National Doral Miami
_1985  if you don't run then HilaryClinton Will WIN and become president
_yvette  Run
  Donald
Trump Very much inclined to enter GOP White House race Thanks! Thank you. Via  by  Donald Trump talks economy with Republicans in Davenport Via  by  talks 2016 run
My  int. from  discussing how politicians have failed us &amp; Making America Great Again! Via  by  Trump U.S. getting beat up Whether you think you can or think you can't
Entrepreneurs Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it.
Entrepreneurs Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau
If the working
Why is no-one talking about the horrible murder of Ana Charle by ex-con thug West Spruill. Gunned down on street
Billions of dollars spent on Baltimore and it's still a total mess. Leadership is needed
 DonaldTrump
  saying the day Trump declares Mike Wallace will take him seriously. You mean Chris
.  Good seeing you. Keep up the great work
  DonaldTrump the field looks very beatable for Hillary
   &amp;  for the retweet
. named   one of the best value Michelin-starred restaurants in Chicago Congrats  for winning  Fine Hotels &amp; Resorts 'Hotel Partner of The Year for 2014'  award!
 You should run as an independent and kick Hiliary's ass &amp; the wussy Democratic Republicans too! Just say no to RINO's!
   is a pitiful shell of its former self! ALL NEW hosts are needed! Just cancel it &amp; put it &amp; us out of our misery!
    clean house  Not W.G.
_middleton7  please get in the drivers seat of this country!
 Like a kid waiting for Christmas morning
  Hi Donald
. is really hurting . She is boring
 Donald Trump Is The Only Man That Understands Life Right Now Thank you.
 I believe Donald Trump would be the best candidate to run for president under the Republican Party.  I do also!
  is amazing  you can tell me he's not when you're as successful as him
  Did you see all the whites that were robbed &amp; assaulted during the riots
I have been a guest on The View many times when it was  successful show. Now the show is dying for lack of ratings. Too bad!
They now say using the word thug is
 Donald Trump All American Billionaire FULL   we need your leadership in this country now
 I had the pleasure of meeting  and hearing him speak a few times. We need to see him on the 2016 ballot!
   Thank YOU Donald J. Trump for your thoughtfulness.
 I'm so glad you are in it to win it. America needs to turn a profit. Enough with clueless
    just home from awesome buddies trip to ! Great job Thanks!
Incredible handheld video of the Las Vegas Strip in 1969. The skyline looks better with !  Thank you   for helping me celebrate   while accepting the Commandants Leadership award!
Met a big fan today!  Meet your  fan from Waverly
    Great property!  We had an amazing conference here last week! Thanks.
I am going to Iowa today - sold out crowds. People don't want our country ripped-off anymore. Must stop now!
 If  doesn't run in 2016 the country is screwed I agree!
 The world is laughing. Obama is a joke. No Hillary the sequel. Run Donald please. We need no nonsense leadership.
 If  runs for President I will VOTE for the First time ever. Until then...........
I wonder what the rest of the world is thinking about the United States as they watch the disgusting and out of control Baltimore riots?
Hopefully there won't be any problems in Baltimore tonight. Be calm
The best social program
President Obama
Our country has to come together. We have to start working with
 Can we drop  off in the middle of  so he can show Obama how it's done? I would fix it fast!
The Mayor of Baltimore said she wanted to give the rioters space to destroy - another real genius!
Now that the ineffective Baltimore  Police have allowed the city to be destroyed
Our great African American President hasn't exactly had a positive impact on the thugs who are so happily and openly destroying Baltimore!
Blatant and rampant property destruction in Baltimore as the police stand by and watch. Should be a lesson on how NOT to handle riots. SAD!
Wow
     For those saying it's not crowded
Via  by _BH Trump `The last thing we need is another Bush'     Business leaders such as Donald could easily teach students more in one-hour than in any semester.
My  int w/  at  on my 2016 timetable
    Semper Fi Donald !!!!
ICYMI
Nobody but Donald Trump will save Israel. You are wasting your time with these politicians and political clowns. Best! 
    yep when guns are outlawed only outlaws have guns
 There's only one person that can make this country what it once was... and that person is   
 First thing I see when I log unto twitter is   trumpy Great.
  well...you would have the hottest First Lady ever.  sir.
_radio  U wouldn't leave Americans alone the way O has. I anxiously await your decision!
  Thank you! Such a small thing but you make my Day! God Bless you Mr Trump! 
  The one who will put American first and not cave in to lobbyists or wimp out to politically correctness
  coming to the SC Freedom Summit!! This event keeps getting better 
 . is coming to NH1 News HQ! Have questions? Reply
   Bless you Sir safe trip!!! Thanks.
   listening...good interview!
  Praying for you
   You always make Monday's better!! Keep telling the Truth and giving us Hope!! Thanks.
_troy    Mr. Trump calls it like it is. HRC should be investigated
  all of the Clinton graft is uncovered by a writer? No agency tracks this type of theft?Out of control
  great segment again today D...great way to start the Monday! 
_mae  If you run for president
Will be interviewed on   at 700 - 5 minutes. Then I head to New Hampshire
 Top 10 Celebrities Taking DC By Storm This WeekendWhat do Donald Trump
I will be interviewed by  tonight on  - Enjoy!
_Sierra03_ Really hope  decides to run for president. Would love for my first time voting for president to be for him.
  I get why you don't like Goldberg...self-righteous word smithy True
I don't know if Hillary will be able to run
. Really important to cover currency manipulation in trade agreements - that's where China and others are beating us. Best!
  To fix America requires SUPERMAN but there is ONE BETTER -  DJT  We must MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
.  Really important to save National Review from going out of business. We need a true conservative voice!
_Tweets  you will cream Hillary Clinton in a debate! I create jobs and build
 . Serious question
    Plus fabulous
  We need you in the White House. Straighten out all the mess. Set them straight.  Watch.
 Driving thru major world cities &amp; seeing ur name as a brand on spectacular buildings! Trump won in life.    The word spectacular
.  Not much is as dead or irrelevant as National Review thanks to guidance of Goldberg
  When are you announcing run  !? Stay tuned!
   I will give you that. Brilliant buildings in the Trump empire. Thank you!
 Are you like another Ross Perot?   Bigger
   _com 
  &lt; The thinking man's Chris Christie. Tells it truly. Run. Win.
 The last person a foreign leader would want to sit across the negotiating table from. Good for us. 
.  A fantastic guy!
  _com changes at Turnberry makes me want to learn golf. Beautiful! Thank you
 Awesome entrepreneurial advice from  . That's how Greats are made. Congratulations to  on your book going to number one on Amazon. Great book - Great job!
How do you take care of our people if you don't make anything? We don't make anything. We are rapidly losing our manufacturing to China etc.
   finished building of 68-story  skyscraper
_com Check out this amazing video of DonaldTrump's proposed changes to Turnberry   I am  and I can say
   get that Exploratory Committee to get some bumper stickers out to me! So nice
Looking forward to giving keynote speech tonight  Lincoln-Reagan dinner in Virginia.
Congrats to great golfer  on his big win last week. Always been best putter. Frost Wins for Trump
A beautiful article by  on my newly opened golf course in NYC
  Love the proposed changes for Trump Turnberry's Ailsa Course  Thanks. It will be fantastic!
  DONALD TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES! MAKE IT HAPPEN!
  get Commandant's Leadership Award from the U.S.Marines yesterday at The Waldorf Astoria - a great honor!
  
  _loquita rescue our country
   Your new DC hotel sign should say future hotel of our next president!  _17  _loquita All we need is TRUMP to fix the cuntry!!   
_I think your sign would look just as good on the White House as it does on Trump Chicago.  _loquita  working hard daily
.  Great speaking to you today
 The man who would've kept us right years ago
 The world needs a leader like  !  Thanks.
  when do I get my     Cute
_amarilla As long as youre going to be thinking anyway
  is the only man who can get the job done in the Oval Office   I agree
_Brooks an entrepreneurs ability to find strength when others want to run
 All faith in the world that  is the answer for America
_Politics Campaigning in New Hampshire
  Very good
  on my 2nd trip to Chicago
 With Steven Spielberg in the old days- a great guy! Talent wins games
It is time for DC to protect the American worker
   Please run for President
Why are the Republicans giving Obama fast track authority for TPP and the Iran agreement?! Obama gets more from the GOP than his own party.
Fact  while Jeb was governor &amp; Rubio was House Majority Leader
Via  by  Maryland GOP book Trump for major fundraiser Via  by  Trump says US roads are 'falling apart' Excited to be travelling to New Hampshire on Monday. The Granite State is a model for the country. Live Free or Die!
Trump signs lease for a NH office
. Thanks
. 5 Star &amp;   Luxury Hotel  offers style
 DonaldTrump this country needs you to run... need to teach people what the American Dream is again! Ronald Reagan reincarnated!
  is excited to host DonaldTrump for a town hall meeting on Monday at 3 pm. _Annesi  No doubt you would fix our country if you ran for president..do us all a favor please! 
  I've to say that you're making sense in a lot of things especially on China! Nobody else dares to raise it!
; Should definitely include you in the polls! Why exclude someone with real life experiences in running things successfully?
_dhope  you would be phenomenal in office
 Without  we will be stuck with Hilary Clinton.  I agree.
  Mr. Trump your the Man!! Please run we need you!! Watch.
Do you notice that the polling establishment doesn't put me in polls
   people can say what they want about Donald
_bennetti  China has been laughing at the WRLD for a long time &amp; will continue to do so!
  Thank you!
 We need a real man in Washington
 So  has an amazing hotel here in Vegas. Blessed to stay here.
 You need to run for Pres. You would restore greatness to America
  can't wait for your official announcement that you are running  Go Trump Go
What counts is not necessarily the size of the dog in the fight - it's the size of the fight in the dog. - Dwight D. Eisenhower
China has a backdoor into the Trans-Pacific Partnership. This deal does not address currency manipulation. China is laughing at us.
The Trans-Pacific Partnership will lead to even greater unemployment. Do not pass it.
Republicans should not be giving Obama fast track authority on trade. The Trans-Pacific Partnership will squeeze our manufacturing sector
The Trans-Pacific Partnership is an attack on America's business. It does not  stop Japan's currency manipulation. This is a bad deal.
No amnesty. Protect the rule of law! Lets Make America Great Again I want to negotiate my own
  YOUR book OPENED my eyes. I Stand wIth Sr. Trump! AmerIca Needs You to run!
   congratulations. You area true patriot!
  no surprise! You are the man! Thank you!
  Can't wait til you enter the race Mr. Trump. Wait till the Fall after the others have beaten themselves up.
 Just saw Trump's new video.   2016 will be interesting.  WATCH ALL! 
Congratulations to the Republicans in Congress. You are the only people Obama can out negotiate. 
I'm getting The Commandant's Leadership Award from the U.S.Marines tonight at The Waldorf Astoria - a great honor!  
    He's a brilliant businessman - VERY TRUE!
Via  by   gives public a chance to hear Trump speak Via  by  Trump to build five new holes at 

Looking forward to keynoting  Lincoln-Reagan Gala this Friday at The Country Club at The Highlands. Sold out record crowd!
 Ailsa Course changes  What a beautiful place!  .  You should be totally focused on trying to save the badly failing National Review instead of focusing on me. Work hard!  
 Getting ready for next week with  on Monday.  
 Trump If I decide to run and win
  I'd work like a dog to help Trump get elected
.   Wow
  _ I think that you would be as good as Reagan. Please run!!!
  
  I'm with these great people Mr Trump. Please run for President. We need a completely new direction. 
 _ It would be very frightening to have president who has actually accomplished something during their life
_president706  please run for president
_tucker17 You would be the best president. You're political critiques are always on the money. You are way better than Hillary!
  you are amazing
  you are damn good
 U r 1000% correct
 Dear  You are the most admired man in the world and everybody hopes you run for President.
  _ U would make a damn good one
_ Donald trump would be the greatest president Thank you.
The reason Ed Schultz said nice things about me is that Im the only Repub who won't cut Social Security
Im a conservative
With a stupid guy like Jonah Goldberg who uses tweeting like a 14 year old girl to hit me
People have been forced to resign positions for far less than  tweeting like a 14 year old girl
. You stated that I started relentlessly tweeting like a 14-year-old girl...  Horrible insult to women. Resign now or later!
When you can't make them see the light
 Trouble in paradise for Clintons- Republicans have once again capitulated to Obama. This time on the Iran nuclear treaty. When will it end?
Government can be efficient with the right leadership. Lets Make America Great Again  Just viewed the video of the changes to . An already stunning course will now be even more spectacular
Via  by  Trump 'We'll Make America Great Again' ICYMI

Wow
Via I guess  is a lot smarter than dopes like  &amp; . Oh well
Wow
. wrote a wonderful book
Glad to see that _14 has been hired by  as an analyst. Pete should be around baseball and in the Hall of Fame!
Via  by  Trump 'I'm disappointed' in many Republicans   NOBODY TRUMPS TRUMP WHEN IT COMES TO TWEETS...HOLY SH UR THE TWEET MASTER...GREAT JOB.
  I am honored
     why does  put you on hers? Because I get great ratings-and other reasons
 Ed Schultz just extolled your business savvy
. I heard you were a joke on the media panel this weekend in New Hampshire. You just don't  have what it takes! 
  Make some heads roll. Run for president dammit!
  To be fair
     I model my management by Mr Trump. Consistent is everything
  i spoke to my cousins in NH they said their whole town is talking about your great speech  Thanks
    I'm thinking a businessman like Trump is the only one who can fix this mess! True!
_Burton_  Why don't you just run for President?! You would have my vote!!
    It has cratered since WFB passed away. So true
 It's PATHETIC for  &amp;  to bash  as non-serious! Talkers bashing a successful doer!
National Review  may  be going out of business because of the really pathetic job being done by . No talent means death - sad!
.   Sorry
Jonah Goldberg  of the once great   Review is truly dumb as a rock. Why does   put this dummy on his show?
As I have long been saying
  They'll repay us by giving us higher gas prices! True!
  You need to Run For President.
   Nothing
  Tell um to get out the check book Donald  Believe me
  Tell um to get out the check book Donald
_khalil7  We need you as president Mr.Trump
We are stupidly paying Iran billions of dollars that we should not be paying. Why isn't this part of the nuclear negotiations? Really dumb!
We are getting ready to protect Saudi Arabia against Iran &amp; others-sending ships.  How much are they going to pay us toward this protection.
  just leaving after 4 days and I must say it was amazing. Thank u for your attention to details. Great
Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles will be the host in October for the .   One of the most elegant and amazing hotels in Vegas.  hotel. Our company loved it there. Thank you.
   Terrific hotel and amazing staff!!! The best
Congratulations to  for once again receiving the AAA Five Diamond Award for another year!
Congratulations to  for being selected as Best of +VIP Access 2014 by !
.  I know your business is failing but you should try to get writers far better than .
Thank you  and  for the wonderful and very true article
How does failed writer and pundit like 
So much dishonest reporting (or non-reporting) in political mediaan amazing experience for me. 
 Donald
 . Forget running for president
 When we need hope  is just the person there to give it...  True!
  our country needs you to run for President and save our country. Make Us Great Again!!!!
_taz  thinking  might be what this country needs a change from career politicians
  As always Great Job Mr Trump!! Truth we all need to hear it! You gave us Hope!! We need it now!!
 You should declare you candidacy on  with  and  and just go all out campaigning.
_Platek Come June/July
_subroto   And I will be watching with great interest.
   Please run for President 
 You always do a  job . You are indeed a  &amp;  to .
   Always watch Mr Trump Keep speaking the truth! Let's Get Our America Back! You Will Do It! God Bless!!
I will be interviewed on  at 700 - 30 minutes. Some very interesting topics.
     _ibrahim26  I think u should run for president all small business here in Memphis the closing down because of tax
 I think  would be a perfect president of our country if he just made sure to pay attention to the middle class
  You are an inspiration! Best wishes from across the pond! Thanks.
   Way more substance than you know. Best negotiator in the world. Iran wouldn't get nukes for sure
  are you ever going to announce your bid or is this a 2012 replay? Big fan
  I believe if you run 
 
  His books have helped me become who i am today.  Great.
 MR  You are an example of how to do what he wants. Thank you.
  Melania as First Lady.. She'll go down in history as the most gorgeous First Lady EVER  TRUE!
 W/finance &amp; skills like no one else
    I don't think they are discounting Trump. He hasn't said if he is running yet.
  DonaldTrump  He's very easy to relate to in person. If he takes the grass roots route
 If the 2016  presidential field is so deep
 We have a great field of diverse candidates for . Media needs to stop discounting  He rocked 
  I just finished TIME TO GET TOUGH. Great read!  Thank you.
  brings great debate and ideas to the  campaign
  With Mr Trump as top man in the World
  Big changes in 2016? You better be running for presidency!  
  Please run Mr Trump.   You may be our last hope.......................
  you are the only man running for president that knows how to handle the job.
  Hi DT! I heard you on Imus &amp; you spoke w/clarity &amp; purpose. You're right
 We need a broader field and candidates who are not professional politicians
 Our country needs a president that knows how to protect our constitution and a president that leads speaks the truth
   Announce you're running when you're comfortable with the timing. Great.
  hurry up and announce that you're running already!  
_Boxwell Just announce already  Stay tuned.
  Like the Nike Ad says Mr.Trump JUST DO IT! Run for President and give America what it needs..A true leader!
_Haz Watched replay of D.T. speaking in Nashua today. He was dead on the mark in terms of creating jobs
 Outstanding speech at the Republican Leadership Summit
  You rocked both events. The  knows it too!! Thank you for a great brunch and a great talk!!
  My family was so damn excited when you seemed serious about the Presidency. in past  YES-YES-YES  *2016-2016-2016*
  good talk watched on c-span
  I'd vote for you. I always felt you should run.
_C_mclane  I would vote an infinite number of times for my man Trump! 
      trump for president
 The next man in Office is going to have one heck of a mess to clean up..I think you're the only one who can do it.
  Run Donald Run....Donald Trump 2016
 Thank you!!  really amazing
 Trump I have made a fortune against China.I know all of the killers on Wall Street. Trump v China? China has no chance!
 Trump
  i believe you have been called to take us to another level of prosperity and bring the American Dream back!
  2016 will hopefully be the year of the Donald!   Thanks.
  they loved you there   Thanks!
  Answer the call
  Good make a decision
  reform DC? haha joke. Only one close 2 being able to do that is Trump. 
  obviously!!  
_MMBtuGirl  isn't it refreshing?! There's hope. Keep up the good work.
  Mr.Trump are u going to run for 2016 presidency?. I hope so..!
  When are you announcing?
Just returned from New Hampshire where the crowd was great-and got a beautiful standing ovation! Wonderful people who truly love the U.S.A.
      Mr.  made &amp; impression.
For all of the haters and losers out there sorry
  one word to describe  Donald?  Quality!
 Hey 
_Rey10  Ford is planning a $2
 .   love love love that wall. Memories forever!  
 I support DonaldTrump 100% for 2016! He is the only candidate that will return this country to the great country it once was!
_jason19   Trump for president.George Will doesn't know business or what this young generation cares about
 Go to work
. is perhaps the most boring political pundit on television. Got thrown off ABC like a dog. At Mar-a-Lago he was a total bust!
 Tonight on the  panel we have 
_Annesi  Run for president please! 
  George  Will you retire  Please
 One of the 1st (&amp; best) sites when 1st coming to the US  Inspiration   Friendship can be really tested only in bad times ~ Donald Trump     
I do what I do out of pure enjoyment. Hopefully
 5 family values Donald Trump used to build his empire   Don't miss the 2nd half of my interview with  over on the blog .   Why do you have George Will on your show - he's exhausted
Looking forward to speaking at 130PM tomorrow in Nashua at  !. Let's Make America Great Again! 
For America to be strong again
Via  by  Exclusive Trump Says Obama Shows Total Desperation on Iran My  int. w/Don Imus on not drinking alcohol
ISIS is operating a training camp 8 miles outside our Southern border The Republicans are funding ObamaCare and Amnesty. Obama beats them.    every Americans dream 
 Out of ALL the politicians in Washington
  America needs YOU. 
 I get into so many arguments over   but I think he could ACTUALLY change this county for the better
 DonaldTrump  Please run Mr.Trump the U.S . been going downhill since 9/11 we can be great again please be 100% in
 Ivanka Trump would be the cutest first daughter in US history if DonaldTrump became president! Elegant
_Chadss  
_Foresta  I'd think you make a great President but I would really miss . Been a fan since the beginning.
 I would easily vote for  if he ran for president.
   I see you.... Looking good!    The best thing about you becoming President would be getting to see you tell all of Obama's lackeys  You're fired!
  I must b out of touch-   &amp;  r my top picks for  presidential pick! 
Great seeing  w/ at  for !    America needs your leadership. Please run for President  Perhaps it's time we bring back the   
_siracusa Great hearing you  speak with  on  this AM. You enhance the dialogue on all programs
   Donald's Policies are the Real Game Plan to 
  And we will call it Trump Wall  Fine with me!
.kimguilfoyle - great job tonight!
Jeb Bush - I am a conservative = Barack Obama -If you like your healthcare plan
America will never be destroyed from the outside.If we falter and lose our freedoms
Others claim they can make America great again but only one knows The Art of The Deal. Its time for an outsider Via  Watch Donald Trump He Is Patriotic And He Can Fix America With our brand new Tennis Performance Center
Mexicos court system is a dishonest joke. I am owed a lot of money &amp; nothing happens.
Rodolfo Rosas Moya and his pals in Mexico owe me a lot of money. Disgusting &amp; slow Mexico court system. Mexico is not a U.S. friend.
Via  by  TRUMP 'I'm going to surprise a lot of people' in 2016 UPDATE Trump plans public event at  My  int. on simplifying the tax code
 Trump and Gekko- If your actions inspire others to dream more
Via  Donald Trump takes steps toward 2016 presidential run Our border is being breached daily by criminals. We must build a wall &amp; deduct costs from Mexican foreign aid! We have a sacred duty to care for our vets and their families. Our Vets are owed full access to healthcare anytime &amp; anywhere!
The top course on the west coast  overlooks Pacific Ocean &amp; offers a luxurious public golf experience Looking forward to speaking at the   Republican Leadership Summit on Saturday at 12PM! Lets Make America Great Again!
_ag Friendly Friday Michael Jackson with Donald Trump.   5 family values Donald Trump used to build his empire (op-ed)  _Media Donald Trump I Would Simplify Tax Code as President  Donald Trump and Mike Tyson _Jeffryes If  runs for president
   ford is building a factory in Mexico. Should be in U.S.
  would pick the strongest cabinet in history if he was president.  TRUE!
 I would easily vote for  if he ran for president.
_Foresta  I'd think you make a great President but I would really miss . Been a fan since the beginning.
  let's get  trending like crazy!!!
 I hope you'll announce you're running for President soon. America needs a smart leader w/ true love for country like you
_7  Part 1 of my  int. with  discussing why I am strongly considering running for President..
  is a true leader we need for this country ... 
 Melania would make a fantastic First Lady
  I have a lawsuit in Mexicos corrupt court system that I won but so far cant collect. Dont do business with Mexico!
   
_brain   has  accomplished more in his career than any other candidate has promised in theirs. 
_DC RT  Success requires 100% effort and 100% focus. Nothing less.
 I watched your interview on Neil Cavuto today. Your fiscal policy as President would be better than anyone's! Go Mr.Trump
 If you're interested in 'balancing' work and pleasure
 I'm Looking At It Extremely Seriously Donald Trump Talks About a 2016 Presidential Run (VIDEO)  Please run for Pres Mr 
  please run for President! The country needs you! 
_toscano Booked a corner suite at  with  for Memorial Day weekend  Sure knows how to make a nice hotel!
 You better run in 2016 for President and fix these problems
_   __a__w politicians know how to become president. Businessmen know how to BE president.
   forget both of them. Let's hear it for ma man 
  Time for an Entrepreneur President
 . I believe in you. Go for it.
  good interview on Fox News Radio. You are my preferred candidate for the USA presidency 
  we need you to run for President
  If you run in 2016 how can we be of help.
Had a great time in Myrtle Beach and Charleston this past Saturday and Monday. Looking forward to going back soon.
Via  by  Donald Trump Dont politicize Walter Scott shooting Part 1 of my  int. with  discussing why I am strongly considering running for President Via  Donald Trump Coming to Sioux City in May Today is April 15th
  A talented family led by the best.   Politicians talk the talk
      such a class act..I adore that man and all he stands for...a classy trio
The great  in my office with my son -    Come on Donald
__a__w    From my  point of view
   is not a professional liar like politicians. I was watching Cruz
   best day ever? I'd say yes.   I just hope  is our next president  Make America great again!
     isn't my guy
   IKR. He b slumming it big time! White House will need lots of upgrades. Just like our country.
  I'll be staying here next weekend! Can't wait!     
   Trump wants low taxes
   His biggest asset is that he isn't a professional liar like the rest of them.
   u rock Don
 You've said Mexico is not a friend. I agree. USA faces Mexico tomorrow in soccer.  could use a shout out from you.
  D.T. for president! !!
  DonaldTrump   Only one who ever took on the MacDaddy. Looks like only one to fight Hillary. Even in her own party
See the amazing views from  located directly on the Pacific Ocean- _likes_lt     I can't wait to play this course with my Dad Greatenjoy!
   I disagree only because Trump in Vegas was amazing! 
  we need one smart PRESIDENT.. Trump
_R_2014   America desperately needs leadership &amp; values. Obama is a disgrace. We need a winner
  we need Trump for President! I agree!
  in 2016! this country can't wait any longer.
Marco Rubio should pick a location that has working air conditioning next time - especially when in Miami - proper plan. Sweating profusely!
 This country desperately needs accountability.  in .
 Mr. Trump it is time to be serious and run for president. Bring America back to its greatness with dignity I feel you have.
  - Been all over KY today. Never more than 1 mile from major interstates. 13 dropped calls. DonaldTrump was right.
Entrepreneurs Don't be confined by expectations. There are no exact rules for negotiationtry to remain flexible and open to new ideas.
Entrepreneurs In the best negotiations
Entrepreneurs Resolve to be bigger than your problems. Who's the boss? Don't negate your own power.
 North Charleston
_Feeds03 Even if  doesn't run for the GOP
  cant believe ted cruz stole your campaign slogan. Only you can really make america great again 
_Platek  you said it best Let's make America great again 
    The Donald gets things done 
 . on President Obama's statements in Panama Our country is going to Hell...under his leadership.
   Yes Yes Yes I'm so sick of lying politicians
   another great Monday with you on! 
   that's why we need you Mr. Trump! You're on the polls so it's time you get moving!
  Please do another  interview. Come on now it's been long since you had him on your show. Can't wait
 How can I help with your campaign. Whatever puts you in office is what needs to be done. Road to the WH ends with Trump!
  saying he'd use his own money to run for president is reason enough to vote for him
 We are all hungry for a Trump candidacy. Hillary announcement was expected. Let's show her the competition! 
  should run for president! I rather have a smart businessman that gets shit done then reelecting a politician.
Will be on  at 700 this morning - enjoy!
  we need you as OUR president
  Hillary must not win.. These other Republican candidates are nothing. You are the real deal
How do third rate talents with no smarts like _fournier get so much time on television news. Boring guy - really bad for ratings!
 The glitziest jet in the sky. Donald spent $100 million on his Boeing 757. VIDEO   Run Donald Run!!! We are sick of stupid politicians who don't know how to run anything except a campaign!
 reason DonaldTrump would run for president is his love for country.He has everything already &amp; doesn't need aggravation
_leonard99 If America was as successful and planned like  we would be in good shape.
 I bet my mother  would be running for president this year... Let's see!!!  Watch.
  Mitt Romney didn't even know HE was running for POTUS.  So true!
   if he can run america like he runs a business
Wow
 look
  __meister I pray that the good lord will give you the strength to run MR. TRUMP Thank you.
  Not to mention your wife will show this planet what a First lady IS!    So true!
 If the Republicans are serious about stopping Hillary... They really need to nominate  I agree!
  for president 2061!
__meister  because I'll be voting for 
_deep Hope  runs for president and fixes the mess Obama made
  im so ready to have Mr  for President PLEASE
  The Donald  all ! 
 We need  as President. A great business man will get this country out of debt and back on it's feet
   My Trump is a patriot.
    Take some of  that passion and energy and run for president already.sweet Jesus just run for President Make America great again
_markus  for president 
  best looking building in Chicago
  For pres 
  you should really run mr trump. Republicans will need a strong candidate to beat Hillary.
_59  
 This is our favorite tower in Chicago! We love it! We sit in front of it just to contemplate it!   so can u run! Please be our president
_is_king _59  is he running? If he is  might as well not even run.
  vs  for the White House would make for awesome debates! I agree!
A great  Masters. The course looks so beautiful. Fantastic for golf and television ratings!
  vs  for the White House would make for awesome debates!
 I will not vote for a person that thinks that she does not have 2 follow same laws that I do. I know my vote 
 Will it be  against  ? Come on Donald
  waiting for you to tell us you are running for president so I can vote for you and rally others to do the same
__ It Will be my first time voting and it would be an honor to vote for  America needs your leadership!
   He gets things done ! So true!
 I would vote  over .
   hundreds of  Trump is bringing to DC by restoring the Post Office. Rain or Shine Trump Delivers!
  _Owens1213  Yeah
    Well I would not take offense but find out what needs to be improved. EVERYTHING!
 The best part about  running for president will be  losing. I hate her so much.
 Can  please run for president just so I can watch him and  debate. 
 Who's excited for the hundreds of  Trump is bringing to DC by restoring the Post Office into his newest hotel? We are!
  the trump courses in Scotland are the best in the world! Fantastic few days playing them! Thank you!
_Owens1213 I would love to see how upset  would get if she were in a debate against .
.-Mobile has so many service complaints - a total joke!
 When will you be declaring your candidacy for the 2016 race? Can't wait to put your campaign yard sign in my lawn.
     Don't be so insecure because you KNOW  will lose against Trump
_Chris  behind you Mr Trump. She's a Nightmare
_SethMade Folks not aware that  could sneak up &amp; be President in 2016. Watch!
  announce your presidency. Make America great again. Stay tuned!
      she's a dishonest and deceitful person. Trump
_113  if  says your service is terrible
 Vote for  &amp; Stop Hillary! She is running for Bill's 3rd Term!   
 After sitting in awful traffic
 . Trump for President PLEASE! Your Interview on Fox gave hope again for this country. Will work on your campaign.
 I say Flag Day perfect for an announcement of the presidential variety   My birthday
  When r people going 2 wake up &amp; c that Obama favors everyone but Americans. Obama is our worst enemy.
  Hope you'll tell America you're running 4 Prez soon! We need you in charge. 
   the best president for America ever.
    TRUMP for PREZ! You have my vote
  for President 2016 &amp;  for VP! NO more career politicians.  &amp; 
 Working class democrats 
 Mr. 
  TRUMP for PREZ! You have my vote
  can't wait to see you on Cbs Sunday morning!  
 Some think Democrats think Rand Paul is a threat
 Some  Democrats think Rand Paul is a threat
 .  I bet they try to ignore the many mocking remarks they receive and wrongly think it makes them look dignified.
 gave honor &amp; praise to the deserter Bergdahl but refuses the murdered Foot Hood victims military benefits  shameful
  . gives terrible service and has many complaints
 Everyone including  knows  sucks..  - Why don't you buy  &amp; call it TrumpMobile?
  Donald Trump for president!
_phily     at&amp;t is the best
    Thank you for having the courage to speak out against corporate coruption
_74   i agree it is the ONLY phone company that doesn't give u service in central louisiana.
    Just find 's hissy fit with  ironic
. gives terrible service and has many complaints
 My only goal in life is to be a successful man
  LOVE Trump Tower in Chicago!! Beautiful building!!
   This building is awesome. Kind of neat if Donald becomes either the POTUS or the VPOTUS. Mk
    T-Mobile sucks!
 This is our favorite tower in Chicago! We love it! We sit in front of it just to contemplate it!    Guess   Had it right.  has the best wireless network.
_R_2014  What I admire is that Donald Trump loves this country. He will put country over self and make America great.
   TMobile sucks can't believe someone like you would promote such a shitty company. Compassionless Co.
_R_2014  Donald Trump is the man to make this country great. Obama/administration is an embarasssmnet and a complete joke!
   even though a costumer for so long
 Just keep doing what you're doing; a lot of Americans believe in you
   Agreed! Haters! just because they won't ever have the half the intelligence of Mr. Trump!
    Mr. Trump don't worry yourself with a 3rd rate wireless company
_Shep   . Why are you even using T mobile? I don't use T-Mobile
Thanks 
  I'm a TMobile customer 4 10yrs &amp; DT is right. Also he's Presidential unlike Joker in WH now &amp; Hillary the Liar
 .  u am sure Dinald is proud to have your support  Are you drunk John? Also
 You're the only one for the job! You never take any crap from anyone and that's the kind of president I want! 
 My man  is what a president should be
 RT      is the best service provider   has already won the election 
_p  speaks the truth. Refreshing honesty. No politics BS.
  Sure wish you'd get off the pot and start pissing off this Fed Gov by running for Pres.You've got my vote
    then i hope your customer service ppl learn how to treat their customer and follow up with them to fix
 Your interview on Fox News was great!We need you &amp; the country knows you're the person who can save our country!
 DonaldTrump You sure do look like a natural behind that podium! I can't wait to put my Trump 2016 sign in my front yard!
 T Mobile service sucks and it took a Trump to call him out!  for President!      is the best service provider  LRT never thought I would agree with  on anything.     
.  You service is absolutely terrible - get on the ball!  
.  T-Mobile service is terrible! Why can't you do something to improve it for your customers. I don't want it in my buildings.
 The best  in hospitality is at  's  hotel! Just super!
Without passion
South Carolina and the audience were GREAT - THANKS!
Thank you very much for the nice story
Spoke to a capacity crowd at Horry County Republican event earlier today. Heading to South Carolina now - meeting with fantastic people!
 For American prosperity
 With Donald Trump today after my NRA-ILA speech in Nashville TN!  Donald Trump has my vote. Signed and sealed. Thanks!
  Michael Jackson with Donald Trump.   will you run? Can you get us out of the hole we are in? I want this nation to be strong &amp; proud!
 If  truly believes he could fix America and loves our Country shouldn't he feel obligated to run? Yes!
   I love your show though Donny
 My goal in life is to master the idea of a balance sheet as flawlessly as  did at my age.
  Thanks Mark
 . Donald Trump for president! He's the only one who can run a successful business!
  You gotta run. I think you have what it takes to stop Hillary!!!
 Could it be  v  for POTUS?  
 Next great building in DC that should have the Trump name in it!     You're the only person who could lead America and move our country forward!
 How do I find out where  is giving speeches at? Because I really want to go to one.
  President Trump just sounds right! Thanks!
    he also bought the beach property adjacent to Mar-A-Lago from Jack Massey. True!
 Ok  i saw the interview on  I hope you run!
   you should run Mr.Trump get this country back on track.
 The interview was compelling! I am convinced you are the  right person for the job! I am behind you all the way!
   I think he would make a great president but not really sure he'll run. Thank you and watch!
.  Thank you for the very fair and highly professional segment on me tonight. Many people watched and commented.
_dunne   watched
  back in Myrtle Beach tomorrow. Might see me at the airport.   Please tell Cruz &amp; Rubio we are trying to return to the Constitution.No more usurpers  
  thanks for coming to South Carolina tomarrow  My great honor!
  PLEASE SAVE OUR COUNTRY RUN FOR PRESIDENT! Watch and thank you.
 If  runs for president it would be the best thing that had happened to this country in a long time!
   Obama's average employment % is worse than his last 5 predecessors
  Trump will be great on protecting 2A rights!
  as a 100% disabled I beg u Mr.Trump run for President &amp; make U.S. Great again
  I got the tingle up my leg when you spoke! The common sense was to die for...we need somebody that will really fix this!
 A Warm Welcome to   today. Thanks for sharing your wisdom and opinions with Middle 
   Donald Trump doesn't compliment many people. True!
  Trump excites conservatives AND appeals to independents. The best candidate. RUN DONALD RUN! Thanks Kyle.
The NRA in Nashville today was amazing. Packed house and standing ovation for Trump. THANKS!
. did a fantastic job on O'Reilly tonight. Way to go Eric!
  When will you have on ?  Sean is a great guy who truly loves our country.
Off to Nashville and the NRA.
.  I will be interviewed by Bret (on Fox) tonight at 600. Watch
 Again
  Welcome to the Best City in the USA....... Nashville Tn. I love Nashville!
I will be speaking at the NRA event today in Nashville. Many friends will be there.
   thats great and all but are you running for pres  Watch!
 I won't rest until I have respectfully shaken the hand of DonaldTrump himself.   ExclusiveDonald Trump Obama 'Totally Out-Negotiated' by Iran
 I would rather Donald Trump be the president than Jeb Bush. Would do a much better job!
Will be doing a big interview tonight with Bret Baier at 600 P.M. on Fox. Don't miss it!
    DonaldTrump Kerry is such a great negotiator he doesn't even know when he has a deal! Better call Trump
Record crowd and standing ovation at Simpson College in Iowa- lots of fun
On my way to  to receive the AAA Five Diamond Award.
I had a great time in Iowa yesterday- record crowds
  Looking in from across the pond
   we need some one like you. Are you putting your hat in the ring
  Trump Turnberry looks incredible in the sunshine.  
   I heard nbc pays don 3 million week for his show n president makes 8
  is the entrepreneur that all entrepreneurs look up to. Keep the inspiration up. Thank you.
  We will vote 4 you.
  HAS WHAT IT TAKES TO MOVE AMERICA FORWARD. 
 Rand
   I agree America is disheartened. I truly believe  can turn this country around. He is the only 1 who can
  Go Mr. Trump we're pulling for you..
_temple Make America Great Again!   Quote of the Day Sometimes your best investments are the ones you dont make. - Donald Trump   Please DO run!! We need a strong leader who will end the embarrassment our current President has caused us!!
  If you run you will win.. I've never been wrong. Just be presidential
Meeting with Iowa State Senate Leaders MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Leaving now - I'm spending the entire day in Iowa - great people
 I can't wait for DonaldTrump to become president and finally put the US back on top as the worlds greatest country! 
  U sure could do a lot for the country!
 I would 100% recommend everyone watch all of  vines.
 Rand Paul  is a repeat of every other . Heard it before   We need flat tax  4 DonaldTrump
  for president.
__Quotes Sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make. -Donald Trump 
__Quotes When somebody challenges you
  Great interview with  It will b interesting 2 c if  runs.If so I hope u get 2 interview him.
  
_D_R   I'm sure the American voters will say
 DonaldTrump Money was never a big motivation for me
 Meeting Trump     TONIGHT at 10 on CSN +  talk with T to discuss his new project in Virginia  . We need someone who can whip those goons on capital hill back into shape!  
  is ahead of Most Republican candidates and he hasn't even warmed up yet. America Needs  !Thanks
 Amazing! Trump tennis facility in Loudoun County is gorgeous!! Anything this man does
Wow
Many journalists are honest and great - but some are knowingly dishonest and basic scum. They should.be weeded out!
 . why is it necessary to comment on . looks? Because she is a dog who wrongfully comments on me
 DonaldTrump Thank you so much for your amazing HOPE message!!! I'm so grateful.     Donald you are the next Ronald Reagan. Make America great again. Thank you.
  just run!
 F.Y.I  Will make a excellent president He has what it takes to turn this county around he is Donald Trump for a reason.
 Please mak it a 100% chance you'll run for President! 'I could make this country great again'    All you need to do is announce and we're there!
  agree 100%
  for President please everyone vote in 2016 if God willing please we need him to help our country
  Donald please run for president! You need to show Obama how a real man does it!
  is a president to get excited about!!! 2016!!!
    Yeah shut em down. Nothing but toilet paper
  The BEST tweet of 2015. Agree? 
How much money is the  extremely unattractive (both inside and out) Arianna Huffington paying her poor ex-hubby for the use of his name?
As dishonest as  is I say  is worse. Neither has much money -  sue them and put them out of business!
_  when will you announce your 2016 decision? Btw we all know you're running! 
   is  triumph. Next year sounded the trumpets!   You should be on  as a guest star.   Nice show!
 DonaldTrump great brunch yesterday at Mar a Lago thank you for stopping to take a pic with our kids   Excited to see the new tennis facility tomorrow  Trump National in VA   Best in world
. we look forward to being with you
  I know you will do great things for the USA!
  The thought of Obama makes me want to puke. He is a big disgrace to America and all it stands for.
 PLEASE make it known now that you are a serious CANDIDATE FOR PRESIDENT. WE
Obamas promises on the Iran deal are like him promising if you like your healthcare plan
Via  Donald Trump to deliver keynote address at annual Chesterfield Republican Gala Via  by Eugene Dunn 2016 is the year of Donald Trump Miamis top destination
Congratulations to  on being named the   award. Well-earned &amp; well-deserved!
Looking forward to visiting  on Wednesday to discuss education. Common Core is an attack on individual &amp; local rights!
 Congress must stop Obamas reckless deal with Iran. The framework is a pathway for Iran to develop nukes.
. admitted their scam. Phony  and others are no better total joke!
  it's time for you to run for President of The United States
_Platek  I believe you are the person who can help this great nation become great again! You are right!
   for president
   I always Enjoy listening to you Mr Trump!! You give great advice! God Bless!!
   always hear the truth from Donald gives honest opinion...always listen
  
  nice segment on .. you have my vote
Will be doing  this morning at 700. ENJOY!
 Greatest Easter greeting ever RT I wish everyone
  I hope u run for president. U have my vote
. have a great Easter
I wish everyone
 Declare Your Candidacy! Right time
_com .'s NYC course just opened
Have a fantastic
That Saturday Night Live is able to joke about the Germanwings air tragedy is disgusting. They should apologize to all of those  suffering!
   I can hardly wait to do the interview when the Old Post Office is finished in all her glamour
   That was such a great piece. Really enjoyed it!
   I had so much fun doing that interview - so different from the usual OTR
 It showed. He'll be up in NH for FITN. Can't wait to see him. Will tweet pictures to   One could only hope that  will run for president. Had enough of Obama's poor choices in office.
The Iran nuclear deal is a terrible one for the United States and the world. It does nothing but make Iran rich and will lead to catastrophe
Via   Opens In The Bronx    is the ONLY one who can beat Hillary
Politicians are all talk and no action. Washington can only be fixed by an outsider. Lets make America great again! Oil is under $50/barrel. Now is the time to increase sanctions against Iran
Via  Trump  transformation on course Watch my  appearance from this week discussing nuclear negotiations with Iran-   Very excited to start reading  after being so inspired by    Great. Good luck!
 Reading  Art of the Deal tonight for the 3rd time. Please run for president! 
 For all the AMAZING people in the world with  &amp; .    Praying for only more success for DJT. An honorable man who knows The Art of The Deal &amp; who would not make a bad deal w/ 
 Friendliness
 Fun chatting w/ Derek Hough
_Media Suffolk Univ. Poll Trump Leads Cruz
_deverger  I pray to God you run for 2016. You are the one man that can save the USA.
  Entrepreneurs Learn to trust yourself. Being an entrepreneur is not a group effort.
Entrepreneurs Practice positive thinking with a lot of reality checks. Know that goals come with obstacles.
Entrepreneurs Learn to trust yourself. Being an entrepreneur is not a group effort.
Entrepreneurs Realize that success requires 100% effort and 100% focus. Nothing less.
Must read via  by  Mr. President Will you bring home American pastor imprisoned in Iran? Obamas offer to Iran will not stop Irans breakout capability. It is a bad
Washington needs common sense conservative solutions. Lets make America great again! Via   by   Trump You're Hired Via _Media by  Donald Trump Kerry Has to Walk If Iran Doesn't Make Deal Via  Donald Trump on Who He Likes For President Donald Trump   I passed your Aberdeen Golf Course
The townhall question segment of my  Commitment 2016 Conversation      Impressive - just as Trumps would be as first family. I hope your Dad runs 4 Prez
One of the greatest tributes to a father I have ever witnessedgiven to the great  by his wonderful son  Be careful with Iran. My friend  is making a very special LP. Follow him. Conservative leader by day
   Thank you for having  on!! Want to see him educate reps on  !!
  Heard your interview on SiriusXM Radio from FoxNews. I was thinking Scott Walker but now going Trump card all the way.
  Saw you on  tonight. Go Trump!
 RUN Mr Trump! Run!   I doubt Sec Kerry EVER read Art Of The Deal
_Millard16 I'm loving everything DonaldTrump has been saying about the Iranian Nuclear deal
  MR. TRUMP. THIS NATION NEEDS YOU NOW MORE THAN EVER. I ENCOURAGE YOU TO RUN FOR POTUS. YOUR IMPACT IS A GAME CHANGER.
  best I've seen you / o'reilly. U bring a lot to the table &amp; r a true citizen.
  Just watched you on  Want you to run for office in 2016 so you can be the first President I Vote for!!!
 Donald
  You would be a good president! Your a great businessman and care about our country! Thanks.
   Get in there and straighten this country out! 
 Building a massive wall on our southern border needs to happen now. Support Donald Trump. He can make this happen.
  Excellent appearance on O'Reilly Factor tonight. The smart guy is what this country needs.
 Saw you on oreily and you hit it on the head
     The Smart Guy I love that slogan! Trumps Smart Guy approach  me
  Good interview on O'Reilly - Many people r unaware how foreigners play around w/ currency to win trade over USA companies.
   great job both of you! Donald you have my vote!
_42  is not a . Perfect. Build back a great 
__2016  MR TRUMP......HOPE WE CAN CALL YOU MR. PRESIDENT SOON!!!!! Thanks.
  Great interview on O'Reilly tonight!
  - I am ready to work for the GOP - I want to back  - he is a Patriot
 Money was never a big motivation for me
 Trump would have Iran not only dismantling their Nuke program but would be paying the US to help! ... &amp; in ONE day!!!
   good job on O'Reilly tonight!
  That's why we need tough
  for president !! 
  This Obama guy has no backbone when it comes to foreign policy! Please run for President Donald!
_joanna   my money is on you in making a deal with Iran.
Each day that Iran delays the deal
  You can't make a BAD Deal GOOD
  will bring  back. Our   and  needs a   like Donald Trump. 
 Run  Run!  
 I'm with you
  v  Bill you're out of your league. Don knows what he's saying
_R_2014   - We need Trump as President!
_SAB_  for president !
 Great interview  on  !!! Throw your hat in the ring !!!
   The Smart Guy I love that slogan!
  Trump 4 President 2016....count on my vote!
  Trump is RIGHT we are dealing with zealots
 I would most definitely vote for Trump for president!! He would be a real leader unlike what we have now 
_Blonde I love you 
 What's happening to us is not a question of tough
 I'd vote for  b4 christie jeb schumio 
  is a master negotiator. Obama can't even operate a toaster. 
   Start To Save America
  PLEASE RUN AND RUN. PLEASE HELP US LIBERATE AMERICA FROM oBAMA'S MALADIES!
  Don you have to run
 First election I can vote in... I want  to run for president.
  You know... DonaldTrump is looking pretty damn good as a presidential candidate. Maybe he is our modern day Patton?
  The BEST President in the history of the United States DONALD J TRUMP
Turn on  now  and enjoy true brilliance!
   We desperately need another great president. Come on Mr. Trump
   I would support you if you were going to get in the race  Thanks.
  Your exactly correct. Don't let me down by not running for President!
 You can count me in! Why do you think I'm ? Because I believe in you and trust your judgement!
  I hope this is your official announcement for your candidacy.
   it's going 2 b good
I will be on  tonight at 800. Enjoy!
I will be on Bill O'Reilly's show tonight at 8 PMtalking about Iran and politics. 
Entrepreneurs Gain and use information to your advantagesee every day as an opportunity to learn.
Entrepreneurs  See yourself as victorious. Look at the solution
Entrepreneurs Ask yourself What am I pretending not to see? There may be some great opportunities right around you.
The right leadership can help economy while creating security around the world. Lets make America great again! Simply take a big goal and mold yourself to become the person who can accomplish that goal.  Think Big
There is only one fix for ObamaCare - REPEAL &amp; REPLACE with a free market oriented alternative!
Via  as seen on  Trump Iran Nuke Talks Should Have Taken One Day Iran is desperate to develop nukes. Congress must increase sanctions against Iran.
 Hoping to see  in office for the next 8 years 
 I wanted Trump to be the President in 2012 the country needs Trump to be the next president in 2016
 Just came back from Chicago and ur building there is gorgeous! Best looking one in the city. Class and luxury all the way
  We create success or failure on the course primarily by our thoughts.  Gary Player
  Donald Trump and Condoleezza Rice. What a ticket that would be! The border is wide open for cartels &amp; terrorists. Secure our border now. Build a massive wall &amp; deduct the costs from Mexican foreign aid!
We have a sacred duty to care for our vets and their families. Veterans deserve universal access to care anywhere and anytime!
My  Commitment 2016 Conversation with  discussing leadership
Via  by James Q. Lynch Trump to run typical caucus campaign
US tycoon Donald Trump in talks with Ryanair to bring more flights back to Prestwick Airport Wow
Via   Poll Donald Trump in GOP Top Tier for President  the jewel in Donald Trump golfing crown    I tcompletely agree. Trump is the only man with enough gusto to force the wind of change. .
  I would call what the Obama Administration has done these two terms a disaster. 
 . calls out those negotiating with Iran on a new nuclear deal.   You know we are desperate
 I am tired of  thinking about it- just do it. The country is a mess. Politicians will only make it worse.
  please run for president this country needs a real leader please
  I always enjoy your straight talk. I'm afraid America can't handle the truth. Perhaps so!
   Trump 2016 The girlfriend of Lubitz
   Congrats!! That is an amazing accomplishment!! Well deserved... 
  Doesn't suprise me one little bit
  Everytime  comes to Scotland
_connor Great to see the future president back in Scotland. He is going to make Turnberry a very special place once it's finished!
The road to success is always under construction.

   I passed by yesterday while driving down the Whitestone bridge. What a beautiful sight
   Like anything Mr. Trump puts his name on simply amazing!! The Bronx needed the Trump touch!  Thanks.
 Off to  tonight for the  dinner. Looking forward to seeing  &amp; hearing his speech!
  looking forward to your annual dinner dinner tonight and hearing from  
 Look forward to hosting clients &amp; guests at the Ayrshire Chamber annual dinner tonight with guest speaker 
   big things expected from tonight's key note speech )
   Sad to be missing it. Huge buzz about the key note speaker this year!!! America's future president
Looking forward to tonight's Ayrshire Chamber of Commerce Annual Dinner 2015  
   I agree&gt; The 2nd Amendment is a right
_graham   Fantastic advice as always. Thanks.
ICYMI
Faster And Cheaper
Message to Obama re Iran The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it.  The Art of the Deal
  I don't care what anyone says I'll take Trump anyday at least he tells the truth and tells it like it is!
Looking forward to speaking  Convention in Nashville Flashback  July '14Trump Bergdahl Swap Another Mistake By 'Gang That Couldn't Shoot Straight' Entrepreneurs Successful negotiation means knowing what the other side wants. You've got to know where they're coming from. Pay attention!
Entrepreneurs When negotiating
Entrepreneurs Seek opportunity
Resolve never to quit

   The Donald for President. Big YES! The Country Needs A Leader
  You would be the most straightforward Prez weve ever had. I dont see you reading prepared speeches off a teleprompter
     We need a Trump card in the white house. You can make this country back to the way it was!
  Trump for president!!!
 The more I read about  the more I want him to be President. His directness &amp; honesty just makes sense.
Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl should face the death penalty for desertion - five brave soldiers died trying to bring him back. U.S. has to get tough!
If Saudi Arabia
Pres. Obama was touting Yemen as a great success story - it just fell. Obama doesn't know what he is doing. Saudi Arabia is in big trouble.
    you will get my vote.
  Super excited to be spending Easter in Doonbeg     
Via  Trump Politicians are all talk no action; I'm the opposite Donald Trump launches new men's fragrance Empire   Because every man has his own empire to build'   First time in the fabled  Toronto - concierge was amazing
Many people think that WM23  the battle of the billionaires was the greatest of all timeset all records
Americans are hungry to feel once again a sense of mission and greatness.  Pres. Ronald Reagan
My  int. on  with  at OPO discussing my potential candidacy &amp; making America great again Via _Media by  Trump on 2016 Run I Would Self-Fund
Via  by Eugene R. Dunn Iran a clear danger via .'s Favorite Miami Hot Spots    Jack Nicklaus II gave the best tribute to a parent I have ever heard at yesterdays Congressional Gold Medal Ceremony honoring 
  you would make an awesome president. We need someone who actually understands business to turn this country around Thanks.
 A Trump presidency would MAKE U.S GREAT AGAIN
 Dream Debate 4  Clinton vs Trump Trump would be FIRED UP
  Watching  right now...I'm game! Let's take it and win!
   id vote for you..
  For POTUS 
  Just saw you on Greta
   Donald Trump is the greatest hope for this country we have
   I totally agree I almost cried watching  interview with you. Do it just do it Run and save America
 Watching Mighty Planes about  private B-757. Mr. Trump is THE MAN. He's as impressive as the jet. Thank you.
 I have to give DonaldTrump credit ... he lets everyone  into his beautiful  ...and it's beautiful!!
    the Donald employs and feeds more people than all of us combined. He's America.
  What a BEAUTIFUL First Family you will be!
Go to  show - will be talking about OPO and plenty else - ENJOY!
  and Parlux Fragrances Partner To Launch Second Fragrance For Men.  
_2016  I would vote for  for President with  as vice president. That would work for people in Fla.
  You are the best choice to turn around the country.
I am on  now!
  So true after reading the Art of the Deal  
Entrepreneurs Take responsibility for yourself. It's a very empowering attitude.
Entrepreneurs Trust your instincts
Entrepreneurs Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one.
With  in Washington
  Please save America! The country has over $18 trillion in debt!  _63     Hi Katie
   Mr. Trump IS Mr. NYC Let's make him Mr. President  I am ready to work-it to get you in!
  I remember visiting that building a real jewel I am proud of Donald once again stepping up to make America Beautiful
Via  by  Donald Trump  'a very dishonest organization' My   int. on why I am considering running for POTUS
 You have my presidential vote! We need an assertive person like you to bring back respect and financial  repair to America! Thx
   please run for president and get our country running better!
  Great!   I can't get enough of that fantastic place. _360  Agree. Especially when   have the best course and rates going. 
  Mr. Trump
 Please run  you will win. We need you
  this country needs a strong business mind to get it back on the right financial track and you have that mind!
 Donald Trump is the hope of America!  
  Please! 
_eMedia Heard  might be running for . Think that would be pretty cool actually.
_ayley  you would be doing our country a favor by running for President. 
  Heard you on 770 today. You should run. 
  trump has a very good chance at 2016! We need you Mr Trump
 Listening to DonaldTrump interview on . He's so far above the rest of the field as a practical
 At this point
  You're my dream candidate. I hope your exploratory committee agrees. If they don't you should fire them. Cute!
   my 2 favorites!
_19 Has all he could ever want. If he runs for Pres
  Annoyed Cruz running becos I don't like anyone cept .
_19   Exactly. Thats y i said ive never voted REP but i will if Donald runs. REP or not
_bailey Can't wait to see 's miraculous border fence when he's elected President in 2016!
  for president 2016!!
_thom You have my vote 
  I'm patiently awaiting a big announcement... 
  2016
  you have to run!! Your next!!
  for president
_The_Stud  you have my vote if you commit. You know what you can do. Give your people what America needs.
 My dream!  is an example of life   plz run for President and get this country back on track! Plzzzzz!
  this country needs you!!
 1) I will vote for you 
  Run Donald Run
_19  Ok Ted effing Cruz is running. Come on Donald. For the love of God run. NEVER voted REP
   Run Donald Run! 
 When you become President
 Annoyed that Ted Cruz announced he's running because I don't like anyone except .
   love YA Donald!!
 _Logan Amazing double rainbow above the course   please run 
   I see Donald is the only guy who makes sense on economic reality.He sees navet of America vs China
  Lend Us your Steel. Run. Run. RUN. 
_burns13 Currently rooting for  to announce his 2016 campaign
  Make the announcement June 14th !
  Please tell me you're going to run for the BIG one...PRESIDENT! USA needs you!  
_TREE  Donald you inspired me in business to mop up my competition the same way you do.
   Run Donald Run!
   well  make an announcement. I love you and I want to see you do it!
 I can't wait for  to beat Ted Cruz down in a debate. 
  behind-the-scenes Here I am with  on set! He joins me at 9p ET  tune in. Will be on  tonight at 900. WILL BE TALKING ABOUT EVERYTHING!
 Just finished watching celebrity apprentice   on the BBC great work guys for such a good cause
In N.H.
ICYMI
Via  by  Trump says he will decide on a presidential run by June

   Simply BRILLIANT would never miss it Trump family a credit to society re charitable donations
   great show! Shame we are so behind in the UK. The 2011 season just finished! Well done   Thanks.
 I think  is the only reason I watch Fox and Friends. Honest man he is. 
  just watched celebrity apprentice in England. Wonderful. How did you choose between them. Whole prog was great. Thank you.
 America needs  He is the only one who can save us from the Leftie
    Go Team Trump!
  Praying that you have a productive day. Give God thanks. He gave you the ability to succeed. Thank you.
   great job Mr Trump lots of great ideas!! Looking forward to hearing more from you God Bless!
 Enjoying 's thinking face   i work hard everyday to be like u one day in my life. Great
Will be on  at 700 - 15 minutes! Enjoy.
 A brilliant weekend at Turnberry. Polite
 It was a pleasure to meet Donald with Rep _Baldasaro &amp; I at VIP Recept in Amherst
 You have to think anyway
 I found a few of your buildings in Busan
  for president? Haha. Really ? You should run as support for 
  You will have my vote. 
    Yes
 Treated myself to a few nights in Trump Tower in Chicago. All I can say is ..WOW. You know how to look after your guests
  hell yes!!! I'd vote for  in a heartbeat!!!
. discusses our   program      what a great credit to Donald Trump  Thanks.
  Thanks for the quotes today-a month away of starting my own business   Good luck.
Success is not final

  I can't decide if you will be a great President or the GREATEST President! 
Entrepreneurs  Let your actions show that you're the best. See each day as an opportunity to show you can do business at the highest level.
Entrepreneurs Learn to be succinct. Can you tell someone your idea in three minutes or less? Be clear and concise.
Entrepreneurs Set the example
Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles fronts the Pacific Ocean and has an 18 hole Pete Dye course. Beautiful!   I really love and admire 's high level of work ethic &amp; motivation. Very inspiring to entrepreneurs! Thanks
   you have my vote!
_siracusa   President Donald Trump would be an awesome presence in  ; and we regain respect.
. New York has interiors by celebrated design house Fendi Casa and 360 degree views of the city skyline. Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point
  While I'll miss the Celebrity Apprentice Season 15
_Smuggler  You have my vote!  
Trump Int'l Hotel &amp; Tower

_rocky Right now... I would vote for  for president.
  I love the Trump Family. They have done so much just in 
  He would be a GREAT PRESIDENT and we need him to represent and protect America's interests worldwide.
  Much as I will miss Celeb Apprentice
_med  Trump 2016! Has a nice ring to it! You have my vote! Please run!
    He is what this country needs! Mr.Trump would undoubtedly do all the right things to make the USA respectable
  hell yes!!! I'd vote for  in a heartbeat!!!
 DonaldTrump We need you to run and WIN! A true patriot with only the country's best interest at heart.   Please Run for the president
  !!! You got our votes!!! Make it happen!!
 I've never voted... If  runs for  .... I'm voting for him
THE DONALD J. TRUMP PRESIDENTIAL EXPLORATORY COMMITTEE-Trump National Golf Club
Corey Lewandowski
April is Autism Awareness Month



  For The Love of The United States of America don't let another Bush or Clinton in Office! Run Donald Trump Run!
   I rather see him as President than any Republican out there
  Please run &amp; save this country
  woohoo! The United States of America President Trump! I like the sound of that! 
   
 The thought of you becoming president of the United States is the only thing that gives me hope for this country's future
 Mark it down  has my vote Great!
  run 4 president we need your business mind to make America great again
   Trumpy really loves the Irish!
_mc_cullough _ireland  Do ya not know this wee man is one of the best in the world.
    and the Irish love Trump! Entrepreneurs See yourself as an organization. Pay attention to every facet of your life. What's strong? What's weak? What's missing?
Entrepreneurs We win in our daily lives by being careful with every day
Entrepreneurs Success is good. Success with significance is even better. Make your work count.
  when discouragement comes in the business
_P_Ivory  I'm a  fan even though I live outside the U.S. but I like what I read and see from him. He takes no BS!  True!
 Your C-PAC speech 2015 was presented so clear
  agree 
_P_Ivory  is the only person alive who could clean up the mess Obama left us.  True!
  'Run Donald
 We need a president that can get America back on track and get things done!  for president!
 Is it just me or does  seem nice?
 If Donald Trump runs for president in 2016 he most certainly has my vote. We need to get this country turned around
  any tips on staying motivated? Keep focused on your goals. Think about them daily &amp; don't lose momentum.
  when starting a business
Trump National Golf Club Bedminster
  Celebrity apprentice is great
  a great candidate for president! H-)ope with my heart u run! Our country needs u
 I enjoy seeing  on . President Trump has a lovely ring to it
  you sound really presidential on  2016 cant come soon enough i know you will win
   i cant wait
   My favorite part of the week is listening to you on Monday mornings 
. at 700 A.M.
 Back in  for a HUGE week meeting our partners. Staying at the highly recommended  
   Beautiful sunset of lighthouse and Ailsa Craig.  As a 16 year old young man
    don't follow me but he has children to be proud of. I really admire 
  yes sir
 Via  Taking  Seriously  we need  for president  So true
Boy did Pharrell &amp; Robin Thicke get screwed. The Marvin Gaye song sounds nothing like theirs. Get new lawyers fast!
Entrepreneurs There are no guarantees
Entrepreneurs What is the standard for which you want to be known? Identify that standard &amp; then establish it. Simple
Entrepreneurs A winning attitude will put things in perspective. Keep negative thoughts &amp; people where they belongout of the big picture.
 Omg  for president please
Wow
 Watch
Trump International Hotel
The problem with the U.S. is that our leadership has no knowledge or ability to negotiate or see into the future. Every nation beats us!
Just as I have been saying for MANY years
_goins  What are you waiting for? Run! The country needs you! It's now or never! We need leadership!
 Reading The Art of the Deal for the 4th time over 18 years. Motivational and educational in different ways each time.
  is more than an entrepreneur... He's an American icon-and will definitely get my vote in 2016  Thank you!
         Yes! Yes! Yes! Trump for President
 The White House is waiting for you to move in
       If there is anything America desperately needs
 Can't wait to play  this April. Tee time already booked. Thanks  for another great course.
_O_R_L_D_USA  would win any presidential debate. Trump for president!
       Do it.
       He's the only one with guts enough to talk about the real issues that count.
   If Mr. Trump runs for president
      Trump would shape the debate and dialogue in a way no one else could
  Vote  For President.
    Looking forward to welcoming this event to the Greater  area! 
   great Hotel!! Stayed there twice.
    Trump is only good canidate - non-politician non-insider - bring transpaency back. 
 Say what you want about  The Apprentice is SUCH a career saver for so many people!!! 
  Entrepreneurs Being stubborn is a big part of being a winner. Never give up!
Entrepreneurs Being stubborn is a big part of being a winner. Never give up!
Entrepreneurs Problems are a mind exercise. Enjoy the challenge.
Entrepreneurs Having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice. There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface.
   please hurry up &amp; run
  can't wait to play trump national and it was a real treat to see Donald Trump there today.  Thanks
   Mr. Trump after watching this weekend my next father son golf outing will be at the Blue Monster! Looked great
  Please announce that you're running for president soon. We all need some hope for the future!
  Theres only one guy with the intellect
_Dave    I see it every day from the Whitestone - can't wait to play a round with my CGXs and Airmax's
  Time to throw your hat in the ring Mr. Trump. Currently we have a liar
GET READY!! The  tee sheet opens TODAY  10am EST on our website for April 1st-30th! 
    Your son Eric is awesome.
  -You are what America needs right now- We need a bad-ass President that we can trust and knows how to lead
   . Awesome!
 It's so gorgeous! You have amazing taste Donald!     
  The PGA Grand Slam of Golf will be held at  -)    Trump Chicago is my favorite.
 Mr. Trump
  Announced today the 33rd  Grand Slam of Golf to be held  Oct2015    and  discussing the  in New York  If  gave a State of the Union address
The Blue Monster at Trump National Doral recieved rave reviews from both players and architectural critics following the Cadillac WGC.Thanks
 I can vote in next election. If he runs
An investment in knowledge pays the best interest.

I am happy to announce that the  will be held at  this year!  Inside Trump Tower in NYC! What a beautiful building!   Thanks!
  Jean George's is always fantastic a real pleasure in a wonderful building  Thank you.
Trump International Hotel &amp; Tower New York has received great acclaim
 The United States of America needs a real man in the oval office. Mr. Donald Trump
 Sheer persistence is the difference between success and failure.  Donald Trump
  I really appreciate your tips. Just started a business
Entrepreneurs Remember the golden rule of negotiating  he who has the gold makes the rules.
Entrepreneurs Cover your bases. Know everything you can about what you're doing.
Entrepreneurs Keep an open mind. Business is a creative endeavor.
Being good in business is the most fascinating kind of art. Making money is art &amp; working is art &amp; good business is the best art

    The course looks magnificent !  Thank you.
_BurkeCRE any advice you can give for a youngster looking to get into the real estate development sector? Know your territory.
The Blue Monster  was a sensation over the weekend. Really tough but players &amp; critics alike loved it.
. Thanks for the nice comments on Trump National Doral. Ive long been your fannow am an even bigger fan! 
  thx for the RTwhat is a good book I can read
 Good Monday morning from my room at the beautiful TRUMP OCEAN CLUB Panama. A great
  your course stood tall last week. You should be proud. Not to many places can stand up to those big boys!
    glad your having a great start to your week! Keep it going! Run for President! We need You!
   when Donald Trump speaks
   What a way to start my week! Love it!
   that's what a president of United States should sound like. 
Will be on  at 700 - 5 minutes.
 The Q Is  Going To Run For President. You Will Have My Vote. 
 Extraordinario Concierto en  con  Great concert at    Today's final round of the WGC Cadillac Championship will be amazing. A lot of pressure on leader
 Donald for President . Trump is  triumph  
Golf is a game of respect and sportsmanship; we have to respect its traditions and its rules.  Jack Nicklaus
I have a tip that can take 5 strokes off anyone's golf game. It's called an eraser.  Arnold Palmer
The harder you work

_loquita We are breaking into real estate investing and we love  because he knows his business!!  Great
 Only someone like you successful at so much deserves a shot to be President! We don't need another mediocre politician.
  Donald Trump for president
 If  doesn't run for president in 2016 I will gut myself on live TV
 Also
 I think I speak for most right-minded folk when I say I really hope  does run for president
 Save us 
  Donald!!!! Please run for President! Our country needs you!!!
 Quality fans
 Donald Trump's Ferry Point Golf Course Accepting Tee Times -   2016 - President of the United States of America. God bless and God speed
 US golf team needs to think outside the box and hire  as Captain! Best course owner ever  THANK YOU!
  well half of Mexico will see the event because they are here in the USA
  Trump for President. You've had my vote a long time ago. 
Mexico's court system  corrupt.I want nothing to do with Mexico other than to build an impenetrable WALL and stop them from ripping off U.S.
  we need you in Washington. We've got dopes running the show on both sides of the isle.  VERY TRUE!
  Don't ever change who you are!! I promise!
Ringling Brothers is phasing out their elephants. I
Every sport evolves. Every sport gets bigger and more athletic
Because of Rodolfo Rosas Moya
Despite Mexico's interest in again hosting the Miss Universe Pageant
I hope the Mexican judge is more honest than the Mexican businessmen who used the court system to avoid paying me the money they owe me.
The mark of a great player is in his ability to come back. The great champions have all come back from defeat.  Sam Snead
Placing the ball in the right position for the next shot is eighty percent of winning golf.  Ben Hogan
  The property and course look spectacular!   Thank you!
   WOW!
 On my way to  What better way to start my 10th wedding anniversary!  
  Congrats. Have a great time! God Bless ! How about a hole in one!!!!
 Looking at  compared to every other 2016 candidate give me hope.  WE CAN DO THIS 
Trump National Doral will have big crowds this weekend for the WGC. THE BLUE MONSTER IS READY FOR THE WORLD'S TOP FIFTY PLAYERS!
   I'll b there in a couple hours! Can't wait to see what this place looks like!
  th crystal ball to see th future True Conservative candidates will be sorely missing. None of them measures toTrump
  for president
  We create success or failure on the course primarily by our thoughts.  Gary Player
  Mr Trump You are the epitomy of class Thanks.
  Why are you the only candidate who discusses US trade imbalances with other countries? It's important!
The object of golf is not just to win. It is to play like a gentleman

Concentration is a fine antidote to anxiety.

The road to success is always under construction.

We create success or failure on the course primarily by our thoughts.

Just arrived at  for the  starting tomorrow- With my friends at the great  Boost event at the  at   Legends on the wall in my bathroom at Trump Doral ..The refurb here is sensational
All 50 of the WORLD'S TOP 50 PLAYERS will be at TRUMP NATIONAL DORAL on Thursday - Sunday for the Cadillac World Golf Championship.
  I think  should be running instead of Jeb. We need a REAL candidate
   have to say I would love Donald to run-he makes me feel some pride again. Glimpses of Reagan
  great posts. As a budding entrepreneur
Trump International Hotel &amp; Tower
Entrepreneurs Be tough
Entrepreneurs Dont ever think youve done it all already or that youve done your best. You haven't so don't limit yourself!
Entrepreneurs  Follow your instincts and keep your focus intact. You alone know where you really want to go.
Entrepreneurs Paying attention can be a cost effective way of protecting yourself.
Entrepreneurs Look at the solution
Entrepreneurs Keep your momentum. Without momentum
Entrepreneurs Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities &amp; possibilities
Via  by  Donald Trump I want to run for president so badly Via  by  Q&amp;A Ivanka Trump on the Business of Golf &amp; the Championships Via  by  Trump Slams Liberals In Dishonest Press Im Going To Start Naming Names Via  by  Trump 'I'm the only one who can beat' Hillary

Via  by  Trump sets an aggressive tone as he insisted he's serious about running for POTUS.  Exclusive  We Asked Donald Trump What Jobs He Would Offer ISIS Be sure to watch my  speech with intro by  and a Q&amp;A with  Via  by  About that Donald Trump speech at CPAC  Via  by  Donald Trump scolds Republicans 'Toughen up' Via  Donald Trump I Am Not Doing This For Fun

Via  DONALD TRUMP EXEC AMNESTY WILL MAKE ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION WORSE THAN ITS EVER BEEN Via  by  Trump Slams Bush I Dont See Him Winning; I Dont See Theres Any Way Donald Trump ready to end  for White House run Via  by   Donald Trump Weighs a 2016 Run At  Interview w/Melanie Batley via Newsmax  With the cast of GoodFellas Via  by  Trump hires Lewandowski as presidential run eyed Via  by  Obama One Of The Worst Things Thats Ever Happened To Israel Via  by  Trump says he is serious about 2016 bid
Trump Int'l Hotel
So many people are angry at my comments on Mexicobut face itMexico is totally ripping off the US. Our politicians are dummies!
  Why don't you put a TRUMP fence up and do us all a favor. Great idea.
  just wanted to say I am loving the US celebrity apprentice on bbc1 in the UK 
'Good Chance' Trump Will Run for President Via  MAJOR COUP DONALD TRUMP PICKS UP TOP IOWA GRASSROOTS OPERATIVE FOR POTENTIAL 2016 CAMPAIGN

 should run for president. We need him. Obama has accomplished nothing. We all know Mr. Trump knows how to get stuff done
  classic!
The Mexican legal system is corrupt
Trump International Golf Links and Hotel
Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles is situated on the Palos Verdes Peninsula overlooking the Pacific Ocean... The evening news broadcasts must stop talking about weatherboring and too many other topics.
I could fix tv talk shows that are doing poorlythere is tremendous talent out there waiting to be tappedand nobody sees it!
Put the glamour
I told everybody the Oscars were no goodNielsen ratings confirmed
The  is a total joke &amp; laughing stock of journalism
I have a lawsuit in Mexicos corrupt court system that I won but so far cant collect. Dont do business with Mexico!
The Oscars were a great night for Mexico &amp; why notthey are ripping off the US more than almost any other nation.
The talks between the U.S. and Iran are going on forever
I told you the Oscars were terriblebad look
  The Oscars can learn a lot from the Miss Universe pageant.   True!
  had a run round  Ails this morning. Going to be great when all the changes are finished. Thanks.
Entrepreneurs Keep your focus and keep your momentum. Believe in yourselfif you don't
Entrepreneurs Identify your goals   and see each day as an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level.
Entrepreneurs Review your work habits and make sure they are taking you in the right direction. Don't become complacent!
THE DONALD GOT A MUSKET Trump to host ? My  int. with  in South Carolina with  cadets on my 757 discussing 2016  Waiting to see you at CPAC. Wish your segments were about 5 minutes longer though on Monday mornings 
 I would love to just chill and talk with  about life. Man is a genius!  Thanks.
_VSU   just turned it on!! Can't wait to see you at   Great.
 Great morning
   Looking forward to hearing your thoughts on this crazy scary world we live in now!! God Bless you and yours
   we want to hear you announce that you are going to run! Please!
 I love  and the way he will speak the truth regardless. I have so much respect for this man.  Thanks.
  watching you now on  RUN DONALD RUN!!!!
   RUN DAMN IT!
    you too Gerald! Thanks for watching! Great job Heather!
  always on point    nice job this morning on  ! You have my vote
The Oscars are a sad joke
What ever happened to the good old days of The Academy Awards. This show is an insult to the past
Worst graphics and stage backdrop ever at the Oscars. Show is terrible
Going to The Citadel tonight - getting The Nathan Hale Patriot Award. Very nice!
   I would vote for Donald Trump! ! A true American who understands business and stands by American people!
  like Rosie O'Donnell loves Donald Trump Interesting.
  i plan on voting for you in 2016. We need economic success in this country I know you can provide
 You have to think anyway
 Two Canadian Coast Guard ships sent to rescue U.S. freighter stuck in ice. ?    I defy the Belgians or Japanese to produce something like a . If that makes me an exceptionalist
Donald Trump promises 'world-class' Crandon Park golf course Via  by Bill Van Smith  reminisces amid honor at     I'll sign up too. Where? When? I'm ready.
   run baby run!!! We need you!
   The only man who can get the US out of trouble. I will spread the word if you will run.
  I will gladly volunteer for your campaign in my area . Please RUN .  
  Thank you sir for your words of inspiration to entrepreneurs.  My pleasure. Work hard!
Entrepreneurs Winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves. Remember to focus on the solutionnot the problem.
Entrepreneurs Identify your goals. Know precisely what you want to achieve. Have your own vision and stick with it!
Entrepreneurs Difficulties
Receiving the Algemeiner Liberty Awarda great honor. . will be featured on  this morning (now).
 Most people in the US want  to Be President...Really Nice. 
  Your not fired ! your hired! 
  Please
_khalil7  you got my vote for 2016! 
  Good Evening Mr President! 
    We are looking forward to welcoming you...
 To me
  is the only candidate for president that can beat Hillary and turn this country around. I agree!
  _Rivers    beautiful and touching tribute! Ahhh she is so missed!
Via  by  Donald Trump called the White House and offered to help fix the BP oil spill The winner of Best In Show of the 139th 
Via Gov. Scott Walker just left my officewe had a really wonderful talk. Very interesting! 
Congrats to  of TrumpCollection's  on being a James Beard semifinalist Entrepreneurs  Ignorance is not bliss
Entrepreneurs  Pay attention to your negotiation skills. It's all about persuasion
Entrepreneurs It's often to your advantage to be underestimated.
  this country is ready for a true leader
 Watching reruns of the apprentice  absolutely love  brilliant!!
Record setting cold and snow
President Obama and our negotiators are failed checker players playing against Grand Master Chess champions. Very sad to watch!
Via The Donald Trump Show Is Returning To SC BILLIONAIRE MOGUL HEADS BACK TO PALMETTO STATE Looking forward to being honored at  Patriot Dinner with  in Charleston
Via _Media by Cathy Burke Donald Trump on 2016 Bid On Scale of 1-10 I'm 'Much More Than Five' My joint  int. on  with  recapping  &amp; discussing the 2016 election The Great Irish Links Challenge _Ireland &amp; Lahinch Golf Club is coming this June. Dont miss it. Among the lowest temperatures EVER in much of the United States. Ice caps at record size. Changed name from GLOBAL WARMING to CLIMATE CHANGE
The winner of Best in Show at the Westminster Kennel Club Show
_A If  ran for president
  my hero and America's hero! Thank you.
  run for president
_Media Geraldo Trump Would Make US a 'Successful Capitalist Entity' _rae mom -  leave me alone I want to just be with   Cute!
  Donald
  Donald Trump and Geraldo Rivera recap 'Celebrity Apprentice' A look back at the exciting season       YES! im recently in love with all things TRUMP!
    Congratulations
By  NY Post caught 'LYING' Again!  Go to work
    Loved your choice for winner this season! Awesome job! Xoxo!
 Congrats    for donating millions to various charities! 
   Congrats! Excellent season and Leeza for the win! She was an amazing
 . is channeling  this morning in Studio 1A!    so excited about another season of 
    Even  admitted you were nice and a joy to work with.
   Daly's  so happy 4 Leeza. I was hoping she'd win all along.
  Please don't stay gone to long.You make great T.V. I already miss the show. 
  _Rivers    I so loved the tribute. It was just beautiful.
 Looking forward to  Season 15!!! My favorite show   
 Thank you for amazing tribute to my mom _Rivers. Beyond touched. Xx    
     LOVE  Thanks for saying what we think.
Jusr arrived at the studio - the place is going wild! LIVE AT 8 P.M.  
   You need to be the President Thank you.
   You need to be the President
_D_RanadeSir thanks for producing The Apprentice. Both the US and the UK shows are a real life management training program. Regards.
 TONIGHT is perfect time for D.T. to announce he's running for Prez.To Let America know Help is on way  
  any coincidence finale is on President's Day? 
Paulina  Vega will be introduced tonight at the Finale of Celebrity Apprentice.She is a great beauty and a monster star in S.A.
 LeezaGibbons    Ratings for  have been at an all time high! 
       Can't Wait! The show is already Great!
       cant wait!!! Took day off. )
  season finale tonight!! G-R-E-A-T Show!     
Via  by  EXCLUSIVE Donald Trump talks possible presidential run

Apprentice will be amazing tomorrow night!
Wow
_101   ANYTHING WITH THE  NAME IS EPIC  Thanks.
  will be EPIC!
   I hope Geraldo wins...
_carpenter   should win! She has grown so much and is a natural born leader! So professional and kind. She's a gift!
  Leza Gibbons hands down! Geraldo is too full of himself to be a true leader.
  Geraldo..he's the man to beat..!
  - Huge fan of  &amp; your legendary career! TX for sharing your wisdom &amp; courage.
. will be live tomorrow night. Entire cast will be there. Who do you like to win?
As a former host of Saturday Night Live
Record low temperatures and massive amounts of snow. Where the hell is GLOBAL WARMING?
 Will you be my valentine  ??? Or at least run for president?
  my God
 Great meeting  today!    _V  It MUST be  because she is well rounded
_Buffs Congrats to  in JCOPE victory over lightweight 
 Trump in Chicago is ALMOST as beautiful as Mar-A-Lago     thank you for your amazing leadership and inspirational talk in this Valentine's Day   please run for 
     JCOPE secret proceedings render it useless. Time to close it down.
    Congrats Mr. Trump justice prevails
  Happy Valentines Day to you and your lovely wife. Jesus Loves you both.
Via  by  Donald Trump wins lawsuit against Joint Commission on Public Ethics Score one for the Donald in his battle with .         Any chance you can make America 5Star please?
 I live for every word this man says  icon     
   The Art of the Deal is still the best book ever written on business and life in general! Thanks
 Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war. - Donald Trump  
 Without passion you dont have energy
 RT  Congratulations      Five-Star ratings
 The most beautiful summary why real estate matters!  Donald Trump MSM Investigation Into Scott Walkers College A Double Standard - Breitbart  What separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate. - Donald Trump
 Its tangible
 Donald Trump MSM Investigation into Scott Walkers College a 'Double Standard - He's right    Donald Trump Rips Media for Scott Walker Investigation Why Didnt They Go to Obamas Schools?  Obama records still a mystery - TheDonald MSM Investigation Into Scott Walkers College A Double Standard  I like thinking big... if you're going to be thinking anyway
 Trump is right _CINEMA Experience taught me a few things. Sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make. Donald Trump
Congratulations to     on your Forbes Five-Star ratings 
I look forward to attending Saturday Night Live on Sunday night. I am sure it will be a great show.   I still dont know who Im going to choose.  or ? Who do you like?  
The entire cast will be back for the live finale of  Monday night at 8 PM
 Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war - Donald Trump.
 I wasn't satisfied just to earn a good living. I was looking to make a statement. -Donald Trump  I know a lot
. Two hour live show on Monday night will determine who will become the winner of Celebrity Apprentice.Full cast returns
 Top 100 Golf Courses _com     one of the million reason to stay at Trump Turnberry   cocktail time at Trump Turnberry  Today is a memorable day
 stands in defense of 's college record  Donald J. Trump stands in... Via  by  DONALD TRUMP MSM INVESTIGATION INTO SCOTT WALKERS COLLEGE A DOUBLE STANDARD

 With    If I could only read one of your books
Entrepreneurs See each day as an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level.
Entrepreneurs Success is good. Success with significance is even better.
Entrepreneurs Work on what you will be proud to be associated with. Make your work count.
Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach is one of the great palazzos of the world
Trump National Golf Club
Who should win Celebrity Apprentice on Monday night? Show will be telecast LIVE!
 Inspiring! Determination &amp; perseverance will pay off  The Success of Donald Trump Let Pete Rose into the Hall of Fame now - 35 years is enough!
 The Success of Donald Trump - Read on  ready to gain some knowledge from multi-billionaire . this weekend will be nothing less than EPIC
Trump Int'l Golf Links &amp; Hotel
Entrepreneurs Don't ever think you've done it all already or that you've done your best. Don't sell yourself short!
Entrepreneurs Having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice. There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface.
Entrepreneurs Listen and learn from others
Trump National Golf Club
 The Success of Donald Trump -   you the truth!! I love you
  Why is Trump for real? Because he knows how to deal!
Brian Williams
 Learning that you were once 900 million in debt at one point can make any entrepreneur a believer. Amazing success story.
    disgrace to news. Ask any military vet if they misremember being fired at.
 Mr. Trump I am shooting for a Leeza win she had been a class act for many years in the public eye! 
  Geraldo is going to win I might riot if he losses 
 I began reading  quotes and used them to motivate my staff yesterday. Stay tuned for results!
  was right about . She is a no talent loser who deserves her comeuppance. 
I have long stated that Brian Williams was not a very smart guy - all you have to do is look at his past. Now he has proven me correct!
_Theresa Your family is beautiful. This is the 1st season that I have watched . Gosh
Donald Trump Congratulated on  for Receiving the  Liberty Award Via  by  Donald Trump on Snow
Entrepreneurs Be totally focused. Being successful requires nothing less than 100% of your concentrated effort.
Entrepreneurs Be passionateyou have to love what you're doing to be successful at it.
Entrepreneurs Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one.
Via  by   Diary And Now There Are Two The best vision is insight.  Malcolm Forbes
With America's debt topping $21T by the end of his presidency
  your contributions to the world are priceless! Thank you for your wisdom and inspirational life! Thank you!
   I'm not
  not only nice hair
  Liar. Forbes has  net worth at $4 billion.
    trump has the nicest hair of any presidential hopeful.Nicest hair=best president. Wow!
 Am flabbergasted your name was brought up in visiting White House in the same sentence as Al Sharpton like Gold &amp; poop
Why did  give  so much time to sell his third rate book. Bill should have hit stammering David MUCH harder! Waste
   Thanks for standing up for the truth.
 I am voting for  to win ! He is not as slimy as I thought. He has integrity and does not lie.
  This is what I like best about you  someone lies about you and you call them right out.That's how it's done
  for president
  Did U see Asselrod on  last night?? He mentioned your name. He is such an arrogant asshole
 It's only 6am and  is already putting people in their places via Twitter! Trump for president 2016!!!
 'S SHOW
 REALLY? David Axelrod comparing  to  UNFREAKINBELIEVABLE!!   NO COMPARISON!!!
 You looked very presidential last night on the telly  Thank you.
    sometimes you have to turn around and bite the dog that bit you.
  Can't win no matter what the truth is sometimes. . .
  is up early putting ignorant people in their place
   I knew when I heard him say it you would speak up. Good on ya!
  I hope you run for president! 
.  I hope your book is better than the Obama second book
.
Watched  on  and the dog hit me even after I made a big contribution to his charity. I never went bankrupt!
 I hated you firing too many people at once
     best top three ever &amp; so much respect for MsFox! 
  Idk what I'm gonna do with my life now that  is almost over lol
 Excited to see who will win  next Monday! Such a great season. 
 . Noooo! You can't stop now!! I need more !
_MANN    why is your season so rushed??? He's getting ready to campaign!
_ Monday night...who needs football when you have   
   I would wanna work for him. I worked for GW Bush and would wanna work for Trump.
  this is my favorite show!!!!
  Although I don't love Geraldo on 
 I met  at CHA. She's as amazing in person as she is on TV. Beautiful inside &amp; out! my pick 
       I agree why less episodes.  are fools
   I still c Geraldo as The NEW Celebrity Apprentice. 
   is the best reality show! I'm a big fan of Donald Trump. Donald for President. Thanks.
   I just hate when  ends cuz IT TAKES SO LONG FOR A NEW SEASON!
 Love the  flashback! The winners are always the good people who DON'T play dirty. Donald keeps it 
   I would support you. I think you are very smart! Thank you.
 When does the next season start?  can't end something this good!
       Donald looking to clean house &amp; run for president?
   class act!!!!
   is the best reality show on tv. This season was worth the wait! Now run for president
  is a class act!  
_maziarz   glad he's back.
 Great show! good time to replay past 'relationships' lol Hope Leeza wins! Would love to see NYC &amp; Trump Towers one day!
 the Celebrity Apprentice is hands down the best show to watch because of  and I can't wait for the finale!
      I feel robbed out of 3 hours of CA with these 4 straight firings
   What's up cutting season so short. Very disappointing. Still a Great show but way to fast.
_maziarz   should've made it farther He is terrific!
  much respect for  tonight 
 Had a feeling it'd be  vs ! My $ is on Leeza!  PS I wanna fly on 's jet!!
  love the  past fails and successes. You have changed tv for life!
      love the show
  You were a Class Act  When you told  that  deserved to be C.A.
 So much respect for Vivica Fox right now WOW! That was by far the classiest move I've ever seen on !
 Watching  &amp;  is pure class!!!!    
  thanks for bringing it down to  and  
  why is your season so rushed???
   I have been waiting all my life for this recap episode.  
  Nobody out thinks me D.Trump  right!  show
  This show is pure genius! 
  Please bring  back to the show.   .
_Maira26    That was the best TV moment ever!
 How can anyone watch  when Apprentice is on? I'm still reeling from 's multiple firing last week
     kinda??? C'mon! You KNOW Kenya is Gone With The Wind Fabulous! Twirl her back on CA!
 The only reason I want some level of fame is so I can go on The Celebrity Apprentice. And so I wait. 
 I am a student myself. I cannot believe that Obama
 After watching this episode of Celebrity Apprentence no one can say anything about  
 Gary Busey was one of my absolute favorites on . He has a big   
 Loving this look back at the Best of    
  where did you get your boardroom table? Need to purchase one that size Cute!
    I kinda liked Kenya on CA
  made 's Top 5 list of  all time FAILS! 
  favorite fails is MY favorite!  
 'The greatest slaughter in the history of The Apprentice' -  on my victory over  
   my son didn't know who Meatloaf was so showed him Paradise by Dashboard lights  Yaaaaay  on   this is the best!
 DonaldTrump Dont forget to watch  tonightyou will love it! 8 PM on NBC.  Wouldn't miss it!
   Clearly
  At your request
 Thank you  for bringing value to every city and movement you have touched! 
   it's going to be very tough because  has the contacts with big money but Leeza deserves it!
At your request
Dont forget to watch  tonightyou will love it! 8 PM on NBC.  
Via _Media by  Donald Trump US Defeating ISIS Only in John Kerry's Imagination Via  By Eugene Dunn Trump could lead U.S. forward   please run and save us in 2016!!!!
   There was no need to embellish his stories. The man was so well respected. Now i can never look at him
 Incredible season of the Celebrity Apprentice. Favorite show! The $$ you raise for charities is amazing. 
    yea she smart but I think it will be Gerardo he's a cunning one  one I would turn my back on
  President Trump   DonaldTrump. The problem with Brian Williams on celebrity apprentice is that he'll have miss remembered that he already won
  .  I miss this beautiful place.  and my gorgeous friends...    Mr. Trump
  definitely rooting for - I think she deserves it the most.
  Go  . Classiest lady to ever grace the show )
  I enjoyed this season! You've done it again!
_1   Best reality show on television!!
_linda  Yes! We are being attacked by so many! We need you to Get in and Get it Done  
Celebrity Apprentice is nearing the end of a wonderful and very successful season. Watch tonight at 800.
  Donald
Donald Trump plans return to Iowa 

Via  The Donald at  _Media Trump's Brand Gives Him 2016 Mojo   _Media  Time for Trump to take charge of the greatest brand in the world
I predicted Rosie O'Donnell would fail at the View
Word is that Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd
Via _Media by  Trump's Brand Gives Him 2016 Mojo By  Hey Washington Post; Only You Hate Donald Trump or 'Is it FEAR?'  RT  The CPAC Team is excited to announce that  will be speaking at CPAC 2015!  Happy Birthday President Reagan  The golden rule of negotiation He who has the gold makes the rules.
Entrepreneurs  Look at the solution
My father's 4 step formula for success Get in
An investment in knowledge pays the best interest.  

Trump Int'l Golf Club Turnberry
  The Art of The Deal; one of the best books of real estate written by one of the best Entrepreneurs
Via  by  EXCLUSIVE  DONALD TRUMP TO SPEAK AT CPAC  Honors _Rivers
Entrepreneurs Be a cautious optimist. I call it positive thinking with a lot of reality checks.
Via The Washington Times  Mr. Trump buzzes the presidential radar   Entrepreneurs  Having a product requires something very importantyou have to think about the market. Do your due diligence.
Entrepreneurs Brainpower is the ultimate leverage.
It's not that I'm so smart
I just answered my Facebook fan's questions in the latest - watch the video-   Mr. Trump
   Best Apprentice ever BTW! Just needed more Gilbert!! Can't wait to see ur hotel in DC!
   a bit behind with apprentice UK but art gallery show was unreal great show sir
  thank you for being so gracious. Beautiful hotel.   The Donald fired THREE people this past episode   that's why he's the best! 
Via  by  Donald Trump
Trump Int'l Hotel &amp; Tower

Via  Trump home partners with lifestyle to launch an exclusive collection of home dcor Must read opinion piece by  CEO Jim Clifton The Big Lie 5.6% Unemployment Entrepreneurs  Be curious. Discovery breeds discovery
Entrepreneurs  See each day as an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level. Take responsibility for yourself!
Entrepreneurs Don't put blinders on or limit yourself. Reach out
Trump Int'l Hotel &amp; Tower Chicago has won many awards &amp; accolades
Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point in the Bronx
Were worried about waterboarding as our enemy
Via  by   8 Lessons for Entrepreneurs That  Emphasizes      Such handsome men! Great pic!  Thank you.
 With three wonderful
Congratulations  for being named in  Top 10 US Hotels for Business Travelers! Trump National Golf Club
Entrepreneurs Is the problem a blip or a catastrophe? Keep things in perspective. Learn to expect problems and keep moving forward.
Entrepreneurs Money is not always the bottom line it can be a score card
Entrepreneurs Vision remains vision until you focus
Are all the illegals pouring into our country vaccinated? I don't think so. Great danger to U.S.
MUST READ  President Obama's Amnesty At Any Price     As usual Celebrity Apprentice never fails to entertain-Another great season-Cant wait for finale
 What matters is where you want to go. Focus in the right direction!  Donald  _WojuBeforeYouVote
  I'm saying..  really laid down the smack last night!!  had to pick up my jaw! 
    you were great!! Such a great team player!!!
  Thank you for creating a real realitea! That actually helps charity!  
  I Loved ever minute! Never a dull moment on 
  _Rivers   she was wonderful Melissa! Truly missed! Cherish your memories!
    Mother's looks and dad's smarts she'll go far.  True.
  _Rivers   Thank you for always treating her with love and respect
   _Rivers   It was very touching to see her! Miss her dearly
  are you going to be at  this year? I can't wait to hear from you there!
     I'm mad  rushed this season
    LOL I remember those episodes...priceless
    yeah couldn't believe what just happened
 West Coast
  this is the best Celebrity Apprentice all season. Love someone else is getting fired!!!
 Celebrity Apprentice is So Good 2night! Everyone going in Hard to Not get Fired!  Favorite Monday TV Show 
     There will never be anyone as  I Bet
   _Rivers  Tonight's shows are fantastic! Love this season.
 Seeing _Rivers is so tough
 Just seeing _Rivers on the 
  LUV LUV LUV that  left the clips of Joan Rivers in this season! Thank u!
_riggy . glad to see Kenya go. Even gladder to see _Rivers again.  Love you Joan!
  Best Apprentice episode EVER tonight at 800. It's been hilarious ! Good pick Mr Trump!
_GIRL     That was insane.
   yay Joan Rivers is back  
  I KNOW YOU HAVE A LOT OF POWER BUT BRINGING  BACK ... INCREDIBLE!!!
_seven  great seeing Joan on todays 
 I'm gonna cry its Joan Rivers   
    MISSING ! less  in life now!
  With all drama experience you gain in the boardroom
   Nice to have this footage of Joan.
 Toxic Trick is my new favorite   Clearly  was right about 
 Did  steal 's phone and Tweet about menopause?   
    love the drama
   love this show and Donald!!! I hate drama..unless its not mine 
 This Celebrity Apprentice is looking good so far... Can't wait for the boardroom !! 
 !! Leader of vast inteligence!! Awesome TV
_jilly Do you see how disgustingly disrespectful  is to ?! &amp; yet she says she's nothing but nice to people?
  watching Celebrity Apprentice right now! I love this show!!!
 For the record I think  rocks and I would never boycott  - the entire Trump family is amazing.
_joanna  this episode beats Pierce/omarosa and Joan / Annie Duke
 Get rid of  already . She's a bitch no matter who she's with. 
 Celebrity Apprentice Is ON !! Its Monday baby!     
  it will be if Kenya goes home. She is a ridiculous untalented egotist.
 watching  makes me   even more
  Watching Celebrity Apprentice! I hope  wins!! Love her!
  I'm watching Mr. Trump! Now and every year past. LOVE IT ! And I'm a HUGE fan of u
 !!!!!!! RT  Best Apprentice episode EVER tonight at 800.
    another drama filled hour ! Cannot wait to see who is going home today.
  i love that tie you are wearing. Presidential.  MACY'S!
 It's Apprentice time 
_Bitch Can't wait to see how  plays out   
_13  Best Apprentice episode EVER tonight at 800. Ready
 If  doesn't fire Kenya tonight SOMEHOW I'm over this show. Come on Don
 Can't wait to see  tonight!  is my absolute favourite!!! 
 Next president of the United States of America.   you've got my vote.
_critic  let's get it on baby!!! Celebrity apprentice its on!!!
  Getting ready to tune in for another great episode of ...      awesome. We all know your keepin it real.
 Bringing everthing i got tonight all for the children with EB. ..      u are so nice on ur show! Xo
 It's a  night!!!! Wonder who  will fire.
Best Apprentice episode EVER tonight at 800.
Lets together Make America Great Again! Vote Trump at Via  by  3 lessons about loyalty that I learned from Donald Trump Remember
Trump National Golf Club
Entrepreneurs Remember to think big by expanding your horizons at the same time you're expanding your net worth.
  Great job on Tv this morning. Thanks.
Entrepreneurs Paying attention is a cost effective way of protecting yourself.
Entrepreneurs Set your mind on winning and losing won't have a chance.  See yourself as victorious!
Tonight's episode of  is not only the best episode ever
My  int.  'Once a Choker
  Pete Carroll need to be added to the show
It must have been President Obama that called in what will go down as the DUMBEST PLAY IN THE HISTORY OF FOOTBALL. Same thought process!
I wonder if Marshawn Lynch will now speak and call some  coach a moron for not allowing him to run the ball three times for one yard?
Love that Patriots won - Brady is best ever! Seahawks pass    was DUMBEST play in the history of football! Great going COACH B!
Via  by John Skipper North Iowan says Trump serious about POTUS run - but he'll have to prove it   I am sick of Geraldo
  Kenya is a dirty thief! I hope she gets FIRED.
I'm looking forward to the Super Bowl but looking even more forward to Monday night at 800 - best episode EVER of Celebrity Apprentice!
   stayed there many times its 
   Salute to  . Thanks
  Kind Compassionate Heart! Proof of that his wonderful children all give back they have Dad's Heart! Thank you!
 Won't tiptoe around tough issues others fear! He has demonstrated proof of his problem solving ability in the Boardroom.
     And now trying to rewrite herself as honest person who refused to do drama. Ha!
 If you run for president I would vote for you. This country needs a businessman running it not a crocked politician.
Via  Wears  2014's $300

Donald Trump 'I Will Take Full Credit' for Romney Dropping Out   you have my vote 
 With all due respect
_eaton12  Please run for POTUS Mr Trump. The country needs you more then ever
 if  ran for president that would make me so happy
  Congrats Trump it's a great location
   TRUMP FOR AMERICA!
I hope you can go to  and vote for Donald Trump in order to Make America Great Again! Thanks.
  I can't wait till   simply the best!
_ennaLeigh What an amazing hotel. Worth every penny and then some. Thank you   _kitkat  _Page  voted  Thanks.
   An announcement Mr Trump will run for President and fix the Obama-ruined nation?
   we need the real Donald Trump to RUN for president 
  It's time for  .
     wow sounds like something huge is about to hit us next episode I can't wait!
_Page Thanks Patti
_Page I voted 4  do YOU want to run4president on the Republican side?Vote here   ?
Whether you think you can or think you can't
Now that Mitt is gone
When I broadly proclaimed Mitt choked  and would do it againeverybody said yeah
I will take full credit for Mitt Romney dropping out of the racelooks like he wont be endorsing Trump any time soon.
President Trump? Mitt did the right thingnot because he had to but because he never would have been given a second chance after his first fiasco
Everyone is saying the bad news is that Donald Trump is going to take credit &amp; they are rightMitt wouldnt have won anyway.
Via  by   Doral Mayor Declares Emergency to Give Donald Trump Key to the City Trump Int'l Hotel &amp; Tower Vancouver will be a new landmark in a fantastic city Entrepreneurs Success is good. Success with significance is even better. Work on what you will be proud to be associated with.
Entrepreneurs What is the standard for which you want to be known? Identify that standard and then establish it.
Entrepreneurs Knowledge requires patience
My int. on   Donald Trump
Trump Int'l Golf Links Ireland in County Clare fronts the Atlantic Ocean &amp; is  Resort in Europe/Conde Nast Traveler Congrats to 
   You are the best  and the great teacher!I love your inspiring books! Thanks and good luck.
_Mama  I'm obsessed with . Honestly
 We need a President that is for the USA
_Bellavia  really hope you hop on the campaign train and run for office next election. Turn us around.
Fallout from Iowa Trump Speech Drew Greatest Response Via _Media Trump
_NYC Major Jewish Newspaper to Pay Tribute to Joan Rivers &amp; Donald Trump Next Month...   Can't wait to see the beautiful  on live TV Mar. 5-8
_doner  run for president!
_RI_1  Donald
Via  by  DONALD TRUMP FIRES ENTIRE 2016 GOP FIELD Entrepreneurs There are no guarantees. But being ready sure beats being taken by surprise. Do your due diligence!
Entrepreneurs  Being stubborn is a big part of being a winner. Don't give in and don't give up!
Entrepreneurs Keep your focus and keep your momentum. Listen
Many people are saying it was wonderful that Mrs. Obama refused to wear a scarf in Saudi Arabia
 Thanks Joe!
  I personally love  and really hope he runs for Prez!   Thanks
 I don't care what anyone says about him
 Think  would be a great President
   Love a reality show that gives back to those most in need.TVwith a social conscience.About time
. - bad and very deceptive journalism. Show must be heading in wrong direction
. was 100% correct when she stated that  used us in day long tease to get people to watch
Donald Trump 2016 7 Political Stances of GOP Presidential Hopeful   They are morons Mr. Trump
Entrepreneurs  Be tough
Entrepreneurs Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it.
Entrepreneurs  Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau
Congratulations are in order!  ranks  Top Hotel in Panama by 's  Awards!  Obama- stop chewing gum! My parents


. continues to deliver the goods   Surprise
 and - what's wrong???  Ok Mr 
Via  by Eugene R. Dunn
Trump 'Never Give Up' on Farmland Value Rally By  NY Post caught 'LYING' Again!   The grey sofa don't match
 When will People magazine finally realize that THE sexiest man alive is Donald Trump! You are sexy and adorable!  T
  loves the 
 Excellent article
Getting ready to go on  - two great people!
I guess Rupert Murdoch and the  don't like Donald Trump. Such false reporting about my big hit in Iowa. Even my enemies said bull.
Wow
Going over to  to do LIVE  at 900.
 Another example of how the media distorts conservatives messages.   I DVRd Kelly and Michael today to see you
 But
  Love  and am a huge fan! Would love to c u run for ! ! 
 I want  to win ! She's incredible! Such a professional! I dont think I've seen her stumble once!
     I'd rather have  on my side than a few whiney housewives
  my idol  he's the motivation
Via_MediaTrump I'd Be Better 'Meet the Press' Host Than 'Moron' Chuck Todd Congratulations to the 7  properties who made 's Best Hotels List ._Sugar How did you enjoy Mar-a-Lago? It was nice having you theremy people thought you were terrific!
Via  by  Why Donald Trump is Right So many people have told me that I should host Meet the Press and replace the moron who is on now. Just too busy
   awesome show. I haven't missed 1 show from season 1 till now  Great!
 Country's been run by low I.Q. people for years. Why 
Apprentice = big hit. Miss Universe = Big hit. I always get big ratings. If I hosted Meet the Press instead of Sleepy Eyes
I am convinced that sleepy eyes Chuck Todd was only a placeholder for someone else at Meet the Press. He bombed
 By the way  you will NOT want to miss  next week on . That's all we're gonna say.
President Obama
Wow
As usual
   Omarosa of this season
    has caused me to like Brandi.
_pitocco First time watching  tonight.  plays no games!
       I guess this is the first family
 Awesome!  got $25k from  and $40k from  for  Charity wins!
  next weeks show has me on edge of my seat already!!! It will be best EVER!
     i think Ms Fox outclasses both of them  ;)
  wrong decision but I understand why you did it   Not really!
  don't get on  nerves you just join the team   kenya a troublemaker
  - I love this show
   is like that bunny that keeps on ticking Just waiting for him to explode!! 
 !!!!!!! RT     this show ROCKS!!!!
   I want to be a business woman someday ! Love this show )
 Video  to   Jeb won't beat Hillary Clinton
 Mr. President when are you going to start cleaning this mess of a country up? The celebrity apprentice is A perfect show.
  oh and my apologies! How wonderful of  to give $25
  Watching  on 
_Sloane Kate Gosselin is low key good at these tasks   
  Hello Mr President! I'm a big fan of your work mate and the show  
 All 3 of the Trump men are handsome! Love watching !   
    that's the greatest smile EVER President Trump..
  thanks for letting me use your  sketch tonight on  You're Pencilcasso!  What separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate.  
  IS  so  PLEASE don't fire him!   
_Nikki21  is trying to set  up putting her in loser seats 
   this show ROCKS!!!!
_Page   One of the many reasons I like the Trumps...each family member is charitable and kind. Thanks
    Overall this is the best dressed cast ever!  
    great job supporting Sig and those bartenders ) beautiful and classy!!
 _Noguez Trump recognized Kenya's effort  that's good   thank u!
   I LOVE DONALD TRUMP....COAST GUARD -YES!!
   Wonderful!!
  Dear Mr. 
 Watching ! The Trump Family so classy and smart
   Nice of you to ask  to help the Coast Guard.
    Great to hear!
   We couldn't agree more. Truly amazing!
  so sweet asking  to give the US Coast Guard money too!!
 RT Where the hell is global warming when you need it? I dearly hope you are able to take up the flag of the GOP in 2016
_R_2014  I'm with  
 Screw the terrorists    
 What is worse
  . I am sorry but  choked - he doesn't get a second chance   Amen!
  Sig &amp; Johnny Damon are good guys. Met Damon several times last at Eric Trump's St JUDES Event he is always the gentleman.
  is my role model on everything.
    Just when you think it can't get any better.. It does!!
 Say what you want about  but the man is an excellent businessman. He never gives up.
  Geraldo has lost his mind. Fire him please! 
   drives me CRAZY !!!!!! Can't stand him please fire him ASAP!!!!
 Geraldo and Sig are a disaster on this boat tour 
   Geraldo makes me laugh
       Run Donald Trump run. Run for POTUS.
      fellow conservatives. I would just tell Donald to run
_Ylvette Woooow! Was I wrong?? Was  talking about Sig when he said vicious?  
_joanna  the hooters cruise is a bust literally
  Paulina Vega
 If I was ever on 
    yes Rockettes
_BBW   That's what I said too. That's something everyone knows about NYC and it's a huge celebration.
 RT   has done great
    Each celeb could pose for photos
 No one did a Broadway theme?! Waiters in top hats &amp; tails
  brings great entertainment to  
All new  starts right now! Watch Celebrity Apprentice
  I just saw you talking with . Trump for Prez! I know you can get these clowns in line. You've got my vote
   Donald you have to really try this time .We need you're skills
  If this country is still existing with Obama in charge
 was watching your commentary on the upcoming Presidential campaign. You're absolutely right about Mitt &amp; Jeb 
  I saw you in Des Moines and now I can't wait for celebrity apprentice to start.
 I hope I don't miss     due to news coverage of 
      rhetoric
 DonaldTrump Just imagine being sworn in Jan '17 &amp; as you bring your right hand down point at Barack &amp; say YOU'RE FIRED!
    tonight  
 can't even imagine how great this place would be w/ you at the helm. Thank you for speaking out so forcefully for the USA
  YESSSS!!!! Oh Donald Trump
 ._CFJ_     Save our nation
Celebrity Apprentice in 15 minutes - don't miss it!
Two of the best ever episodes of Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 8. Totally vicious and crazy! I will live tweet.
Where the hell is global warming when you need it?
Why do people give  contributions when they know he is a loser who has no idea how to win?  spent $400M in 2012 &amp; didnt win a single race $ave your $. Dont invest in . He doesnt have a clue. ._ highlights the opening of 's brand new  course . ratings were great! A big win and a wonderful night! Via   on Politics Trump Talks Iowa A huge honor for  for being named  Luxury Hotel in Canada by 's  Awards Via  by  Donald Trump I Can Make America Great Again Get ready for the Apprentice tonight - TWO AMAZING EPISODES. I will be live tweeting!
  Good morning to you. The pageant was fabulous! Ms USA came so close. Then tonight is Celeb Apprentice.
Don't miss the  Pageant tonight at 8/7c with performances by   and  Donald Trump Jeb Bush's Support of Common Core 'a Disaster' Via  by Rich Schapiro Donald Trump slams Mitt Romney
    Can't wait to see  on the next . Oh wait
   outside of the apprentice
  I bet ur great in bed  True!
Word is that  is firing sleepy eyes Chuck Todd in that his ratings on Meet the Press are setting record lows. He's a real loser!
My speech at yesterdays  _United Iowa Freedom Summit  

. and friends at  Via  DONALD TRUMP AT SUMMIT OBAMACARE A FILTHY LIE
_joanna DonaldTrump you would have my vote! It's time we stop electing lawyers and get strong business men in the executive office
   Oh yeah
  I have to admit that The Donald would make one heck of a president. Especially with the problems USA is facing.
  Trump 'Seriously Considering' a Presidential Bid  Keep trying different hotels while in Vegas
_mn   would be a shock to have an experienced CEO in the WH rather than incompetent community organizers
 Good work  shooting -5 today in the  event in Hawaii ; sporting the  hat.
_ebooks Please don't wuss out of running for President  
 I'm the one person who can make this country great again
   Do it PLEASE!
   I wish you would 
 Watching Home Alone 2 with the little. Didn't know  was on it! Love The Donald!
   hopefully europe will finally have a winner it's only been since 1990.
  U NEED to run against Romney/Bush. You know infinitely more about economics. But you must publicly criticize them 
    he is right neither Bush or Romney should run. We need someone who is not a wimp
 The best phrase  has ever said? We don't need another Bush Well said!
_Babble     we sure could use someone who cares about America
 Best speech given by   FreedomSummit  Sense. says Jeb/Mitt *    I'm so glad your show  in  will be extended 4 two hours.. I enjoy it !!!!!  show
  RUN DONALD
_vibration7   filipinos love u Mr Trump! you are famous in the Philippines!! we love what u do! thank you
  Yes
 YOU HAVE to run Mr.Trump! YOU are the only person on the roster that can ACTUALLY do the job! PLEASE
 RT  So this happened at dinner tonight     8pm  _1791   was great - really laid out the problems and the solutions/he
Via  by  In Iowa
Trump 'Seriously Considering' a Presidential Bid Trump No way Bush
Via  by  Trump touts business career
Thanks to  for the kind introduction at the IA Freedom Summit &amp; congrats to _Bossie &amp; _United on a great success!
Via  by  Donald Trump GOP nominee cant be Mitt
Via  by  Trump I can make America great again Via  by  Trump Blasts Romney
Watch the 63rd Annual  Pageant tomorrow on NBC at 8PM! With _Soules from  in Iowa- Via  by  Trump to hand out Trump memorabilia at Iowa summit Trump rails on Romney as possible 2016 contender   mr. Trump do you have a favorite for the Super Bowl coming up what is your pick? Coach B
    that is great this is a show that teaches you real skills - very few shows on TV actually do that!
_Rellim If Trump ran in 16' it would be the 1st time I could stand by our president since I was old enough to understand politics
    trump 2016 you have my vote
    Wishing Trump was the Pres.
    we sure could use someone who cares about America
Via  by  Trump 'I would've won the race against Obama' You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else.

With oil below $50
Just leaving for  in Iowastanding room only. My great honor.   Just been informed by they want to extend the run of the  by two shows because it is doing so well. Two hours live.
The  contestants review their amazing stay at -   Top5 The 63rd Miss Universe should be      
  the top 2 of Miss Universe 2014 should be  and 
  I think the best are
 When I grow up I want to be just like ! Thanks.
_lyann   no wonder you are smiling
 Thanks  for your tips on entrepreneurship
 The Land Investment Expo is completely sold out with record attendance for our Eighth Annual on Friday.  Donald Trump on 
  the  has kicked off! We'll see you tomorrow!  Going to go see  at the  tomorrow
 Caught up on  over the last two nights.  You've done it again! Awesome!
 I love  personality
Which National Costume do you think should win? Which National Costume do you think should win? Which National Costume do you think should win? Which National Costume do you think should win?  With the wonderful actor Jack Nicholson Which National Costume do you think should win? Entrepreneurs  Everything starts with you. Realize that you're in charge.  Whatever happens
Entrepreneurs  See yourself as victorious. This will focus you in the right direction. Put everything you've got into what you're doing.
Entrepreneurs  Use your imagination. Use your intelligence to execute what your imagination presents to you.
They just arrested pol Shelly Silver in New York. Why arent they arresting a far bigger crook ?
The new winter menu   explores the evolution of fine dining -  Just watched  Bill Belichicks news conference. He did a great jobsmart
Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go.

The secret of getting ahead is getting started.  Mark Twain
Dress your best! The Trump Signature Collection
Congress
Congratulations to  on delivering a strong conservative message in her  response. Joni will be a great senator.
Via  by  Trump Was Benghazi the result of incompetence or something more sinister? Via  by  Meet The Latina 2014  Candidates Be sure to watch highlights from the record setting 14th season of  here ICYMI
I look forward to attending &amp; speaking at the Iowa Land Investment Expototal sellout crowd Miss Israel and Miss Lebanon- no more fighting!   Based on new oil prices
If Scotland would have gone independent predicated on $100 - $150 oil
 I think if a GOP candidate really wants to win
   Trump has SWAG 
 You have my vote and a volunteer
  When Trump is president do you think he'll televise cabinet meetings &amp; fire someone each week?
  should've been you making that speech tonight  I agree!
  what do you think of Miss Universe Bahamas?  Beautiful and nice!
   Focus on being the next Prez Donald! we need you!
_Sugar Can you get me a parking slot at Mar a Lago on Sunday its very busy with the car show meeting  Yes
 SO upset that Celebrity Apprentice is almost over
_Miracle  I hope that in my lifetime I will see you deliver a State of the Union address. President Trump....i'm ready for it!!!
  ... Your tweets are always epic!! 
 Please save us from this BS in DC
   agree with Mr. Trump for  nominee to win in 2016. Can't be Mitt. Bold conservative needed.
     Ted Cruz would be fine as would Huckabee. But Trump would be best and Romney the worst.
 What's more intimidating
 Donald Trump is a respected businessman with insightful political opinions. 
 Trump Tower is not a building
 Boys from the hood call me Black Donald Trump  Great.
With  and  from - two great people! Tonight on 
Congratulations to  and  for receiving the  Five Diamond Award again this year!
ICYMI
Tomorrow on the  Facebook page submit your final question for the contestants- Great list of spring travel ideas from our  properties Via  by  Donald Trump Giving serious thought to presidential run With Joan Rivers and ivankatrump from last night's great boardroom!  Another great   tonight!     
 It's such a bitter sweet emotional time seeing _Rivers on  .Thank you for airing this!
   Agreed! Romney would be a terrible candidate that could never beat Hillary. We need Trump!
   you were my inspiration to go for my B.S. in marketing
  Love this man!!!  Thanks.
    Thank you for all of your kindness and support. My mother loved you all. LOVE!
Donald Trump To Mitt Romney 'Youre Fired' Via  by  Aboard Donald Trumps 757 at the South Carolina Tea Party Convention TEA TALK Highlights from Monday convention speech from Donald Trump  inside look at Donald Trump's private jet   Looking forward to the next episode..
 I love . He cracks me up. 
 Love  comment about what  said about LR. LMAO!!!  
   him and Sailor Jerry
Via  Donald Trump puts Tea Party on map for 2016   love Leeza
  I am Loving  on the show ) ) she is my favorite. 
Trump at Tea Party

  great season. It gets better every week.
 Watching Celebrity Apprentice and missing Joan Rivers   
  my daughter n I watching  very inspiration. u r a very humble gentleman
  It is so unbelievably nice to see _Rivers on the ! 
  and  are my favorite people on TV.   Thanks.
  you are so genuine with Joan always highlighting what an amazing woman she was.
 It was so great to see Joan Rivers back on my TV screen
  - I do not understand how are they still in business.  H &amp; R Block is terrible!
  awesome. A treat to get to see the brilliant Joan Rivers once more 
  What a true entrepreneur! Celebrity Apprentice creates great leaders
    you did awesome ! Loved the challenge !!
_mc  Loved seeing Joan Rivers tonight! And  is such a classy
_ennaLeigh Everything  touched turns to gold  
  great PM choices! 
 u r amazing
 I think I'm getting addicted to  power and his voice.  
  you have such amazing style and a strong role-model  should be proud
 My only Question to  how do you handle all these Celebs? Crazy! My hats off to you!
 Bittersweet to see the very missed &amp; very talented _Rivers on . 
  I love watching the two episodes in one! 
    You have accomplished so much this young
 I really
New episode starting now!
 No better way to spend my Monday evening than watching Celebrity Apprentice 
Trump arrives for SC Tea Party Convention in Myrtle Beach

  You were awesome!
_S2    You did a good job Ivanka. Great show!
  so nice to see One last look at Ms. Joan Rivers on 
    Awesome
  Joan is one of the greats. Wonderful to see her on  for the last time. God bless you Ms Rivers.
  do you get to see the packages before going into the boardroom?  Not often!
 Btw this is a  firstI announced the project winner!  how did I do? Great!
    would not miss it for anything.
 I am enjoying watching Joan Rivers on  thanks  for inviting her 
_Golf  my 10 yr old daughter watches  over Disney Channel.  
AIR FORCE TRUMP AHEAD OF 2016
   Rushed home to watch my FAVORITE show  ..... 
  you the man! You can never be too young to be a fan of you!  Thanks.
    _Rivers beautiful tribute to the fabulous Joan rivers and Ivanka
  The theme song NEVER gets old. 
 Not feeling well today
   tick tock it's here
 Who is watching  with me?  
 It's going to be an emotional  tonight with _Rivers final TV appearance. 
  Cigars
  can't wait for tonight's show. 
 Time for my weekly fix of  
_Annesi  Always look forward to Monday nights! 
 Tune into  at 8 PM EST on  with the beautiful &amp; smart  
   do not listen don you are great and should be presidant Thanks.
  I can't wait!!!
  The Apprentice will be very exciting and interesting tonight at 800. Joan Rivers puts on a great show!
Joan Rivers on The Apprentice tonight at 800. I will be live tweeting. JOAN WAS GREAT!
Via  by  names wrap up largest ever SC Tea Party Coalition Convention Via  by _MPrabhu Donald Trump states case for becoming POTUS at SC Tea Party convention

  Slams Romney 2016 He Choked like a Dog Last Time 't WAIT till tonight To see EpisodeW/JOAN RIVERS!!a true Winner!! Hope you PayTribute to her GREATNESS! JOAN !
.  in five minutes!
The Apprentice will be very exciting and interesting tonight at 800. Joan Rivers puts on a great show!
I will be on   tomorrow morning at 700. Enjoy!
I look forward to being in South Carolina tomorrow
  awww looks like such fun!  I'm loving ya on  !! Good job 
 Brady &amp;  make for solid golf partners at Trump National Golf Club.   Do you think that  is like a world cup? TOTALLY AGREE 
 A glorious winter afternoon in    Via  by  Donald Trump praises _Rivers as 'strong
 In Memory of _Rivers   I don't know what you do but your doing it right.
 hey  you'd be the best president ever if you ran
    You got tweeted by D Trump? Ur a legend..
  _Hoy  Go Miss Philippines!!
_Babble   Whether it's the original or celebrity version
Donald Trump to headline SC Tea Party Convention   In my opinion this is the best season of The Celebrity Apprentice!!
_  can't wait for the Miss Universe Pageant! Hopefully another Latina takes the crown. 
 75 degrees and perfect  Beautiful work  !!! Via   Donald Trump Knows How To (Tea) Party - THE DONALD PLANS SPLASHY LANDING IN MYRTLE BEACH
Monday night at 800 will be must see television. Our wonderful Joan Rivers plays a major role as my advisor on the Apprentice. AMAZING!
  Thailand  This man is our everyting!!!    Miss Universe Top Contender this year? Y or N    Why do we keep putting the same people on the Republican ticket for POTUS? Romney? Bush? Cruz? Paul? 
   Top 6   please save us run  got my vote
 Got out of class and immediately turned Donald Trump on as loud as I could. It's the weekend
 I forgot how much I love  and Trump
     is only reality show that's interesting to me! Plus it's for charity.
  Whether it's the original or celebrity version
  Ready for a new eppisode of The Celebraty Apprentice!  
  please rate her Miss Indonesia
 I will never get a reply but  is the real deal.  is the best show on tv right now.
  Oh
 .     head to the Palmetto State . Dont miss it  Look at us acting all nice at the  for apprenticenbc !  was quite the headline _swain The BEST hotel in Chicago!  Love this place!   no deberiAs mezclar tu imagen con este tipo de cosas Miss Argentina  Via  by  2014  Contestants  Interview  Gabriela Isler reflects as her reign winds down Via  by Paige Austin Trump to Donate 12 Acres for Conservation in Palos Verdes Donald Trump I'm Not Buying the  Via  Donald Trump headlines Tea Party Convention in Myrtle Beach   God Bless You for such generous act of kindness by featuring your friend Joan Rivers in Monday's 
Donald Trump donates land to conservation group in Palos Verdes

Donald Trump turns over 11.5 ac.in Rancho Palos Verdes for recreational open space Via  by Eugene Dunn Trump the Nation's Great Hope   I think you would be one of the great Presidents! Admiration and respect from Canada Mr. Trump! Thanks.
The episode of the Apprentice that everyone has been waiting for....Joan Rivers stars
      Donald
 I always new that and the idiots out there just prefer to be as they are ignorant spewing thoughts w/o merit Mr.President!
  its unbelievable lately poor Atlantic City True
  Don't run for President! You'll win and I won't get to watch Celebrity Apprentice for four whole years!
    Dont get me wrong
 Well
  _  That is beautiful
  run already dude!
 _Cavaliere Donald Trump needs to be president nowwwwww!!! 
  would love to play that golf course some day!! TRUMP NATIONAL DORAL
  The country needs to be run like a business. No better person for the job than you!  I agree
 Heading to  Trump International in West Palm for a match with  _sauers and Mike Goodes.
_ . unveils brand new Red Tiger course at -  I say Donald Trump takeover the WhiteHouse now
Despite what the haters and losers like to say
WATCH  contestants golf with Donald Trump    love u on The Apprentice 
  Trump National Doral = Beatiful
_P_Ivory  for president! Only vote worth casting!
  Donald Trump for President! Big fan of the   
  this will be my first ever vote in a presidential election
         can't wait till apprentice !!!
 Love when  gives advice to entrepreneurs on twitter! It's a great motivator Thanks.
  excited you will be in Myrtle Beach this weekend. See you there!
  It would be really great to invite Ximena Navarrete as a surprise guest to next MUshow. We love her and we miss her!!
      I hope  or  win. They are fun to watch.
 My stunning friend  Miss India hope she gets 3rd  crown 4 India       You look amazing! Thank you.
  can't wait for the new ferry point park course to open Will be great.
 Need democrats out so I hope republicans and tea party don't split the votes come election time. PS love the Apprentice
Looking forward to keynoting the South Carolina Tea Party Convention in Myrtle Beach on Monday at 320PM! Via  Only The Donald If the morons who killed all of those people at Charlie Hebdo would have just waited
Charlie Hebdo reminds me of the satirical rag magazine Spy that was very dishonest and nasty and went bankrupt. Charlie was also broke!
  Sean
     your awesome I hope you win brandi.
  president donald j trump sounds great
  2016
 All class on  by  - good job TO! cc 
 Great progress at  by  architect Gil Hanse creating a masterpiece for ! Via  WATCH See How Trump Just Torched Obama
The new Red Tiger course at - ICYMI
A list golfing buddy! __Martin enjoys golf w/Donald Trump ahead of

 Photo from last night's boardroom.  And the fired celebrities are... Via  by  In Palm Beach
Trump on Romney You Just Cant Give Him Another ChanceSome golfers can't sink the 3 ft. putt. Via  by  Trump Unveils Renovated  Red Tiger Golf Course _jennifer  wow Monday is going to be a good one! you had to be one of the last people to work with Joan Rivers.
 Now you Have to run for   _E Money was never a big motivation for me
   Enjoying this season of  Thank you for your intelligent
  people are talking about you running for the prez.
 Watching  and I think  is my fave person because he always is respectful and nice.
 MISS UNIVERSE PRELIMINARY COMPETITION ON JANUARY 21   I know it makes for an exciting show on 
 DonaldTrump Sir so enjoyed Appren tonight tears in eyes for Terrell Shawn so sweet adorable everything you touch turns gold
     Sig's just layin in the cut
 More fun  dual tonight. T.O. was in tough spot. Perhaps this..  was pretty amazing for taking money out of his own pocket and topping both teams off to $300
  was incredible tonight on  !  
 don't know what's more intimidating going in the boardroom with DonaldTrump or being judged by  and  Jr
  Why do we have to see  with out his shirt?  please stop this from happening.
  please please please run for president!!!
_ra  your my  on  
  My husband wanted to watch with me tonight because he loves to hear you say you're fired .
  for president
  what an awesome night! 
 Another exciting episode -tune in next Monday at 8pm for 2 more new episodes!
 who do you think won?
  What do you think of the new teams/PMs?
 stay tuned for the 2nd half we have one more firing tonight!
  who who who ... Say it just say it  Watch and see what happens!
 Time for the first firing of the night.
  or ?
 Selfies- yes or no?
 what do you think of the choices for project manager?
 We always make sure to have great NYC locations for the task delivery.
Let's go! 
 I will be live tweeting(no spoilers) during tonight's all new  at 8PM ET.
_2010   What's Geraldo     My  int.on 'We Have No Leadership' Trump Slams Obama for Skipping Paris Unity Rally My _joe int. w/

Via  by  Trump looking 'very seriously' at 2016 run _news  if you decide to run
  Please run for President! This country needs you Mr Trump!!
 Monday mornings are twice as hard when I don't have  AND Donald to listen to. Thanks  for taking away my FOX! 
__deVries  heading to  to watch the  all the way from Australia !!! can't wait 
  is back! 1st episode on now in Australia! Love the boardroom drama
 Here's an idea Why don't DonaldTrump and  run on the same ticket
 Watching episode 1 of the new season of The Apprentice in Melbourne
Some of the women on Celebrity Apprentice are absolutely crazy - maybe the wildest thing ever on reality television. Watch tonight!
  's ego is outta control! I believe he's trying to upstage Trump
 RT    please fire  soon! ...
  Cant wait to hear you on  on  this morning. 
_Yola I do like ! Thank you.
    is just awful... too British -( I prefer  with 
  Anxious for another 2 hrs. of  tonight.
Tonight at 800 is a really big one for a double episode of  Celebrity Apprentice. Watch
  I have a huge problem with the Celebrity Apprentice. It's only on once a week!  Sorry!
  TRUMP 2016 !!!
Remember
    You really think we will have another elected President Before Obama starts WW3
  run for president please
 Im on board for a  presidency! The man knows what he's talking about!
Will be on   tomorrow morning at 700.
  No No No ... Gosselin Has Go To Go ...
Get ready for two amazing episodes of Celebrity Apprentice tomorrow night (Monday) at 800. Some incredible things happen!
_Life_Of_DG  you know how to lead! That's what the people need!!
  make $ while others sleep!
_17  = A great man. Thanks.
 DonaldTrump great job on Letterman last night! Great points on healthcare and our national debt! Thank you for bringing that up
     Mickey Rourke R U going on The Apprentice?
  what the celebrity apprentice &amp; as a Cowboy fan
   me too
  WIth us you are No.1
  I have been hearing Mitt Romney might run. He doesn't know nothing. You do. He had his chance and he blew it!
The French police are afraid to go into many  communities. How did France let this all happen
_keefy  should be president!!! 
  Geraldo Rivera is the Gary Busey of this season of 
 Can you really argue withDonaldTrump view that an individual has the right to defend self &amp; family when life is directly threatened?
_  is my favorite reality show right now  S/O 
   U R spot-on; however
Via  by   on 

Via  by _wbtw Donald Trump will deliver keynote address to the SC Tea Party Convention  to Donald Trump Fire 

 Nia Sanchez of Nevada is ready for  Via _Media Donald Trump 2016 8 Facts About Personal Life of GOP Presidential Hopeful

Entrepreneurs  Look at the solution
Entrepreneurs Business is a creative endeavor. Being innovative = being open to new ideas. Keep an open mind!
Entrepreneurs  Be totally focused. Know everything you can about what you're doing. Give your work 100% of your concentrated effort.
Watch my appearance on  from last night- If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing

 So glad The Celebrity apprentice is back!! I love this show.  
 Hello Mr. Trump. I am very proud of you for saying what you said about Guns in Paris. I hope you become President.
 I just don't want  to run for president because that would mean no more   Donald Trumps Letterman
_Snurk We need  to save the day! We're not worryin' at all bc Donal Trump is ON THE WAY 2016!! Listen for his call!
  You should totally run for president. I don't think Hillary has what it takes.
 I really hope  is running for president.
  would make everything better if he ran for president lol I agree.
 Would you approve of Martin  Scorsese or Francis Ford Coppola ever directing a movie of your life ? Would be fascinating!
_boyer  we need you to save our country! 
  on letterman.. 
_bunzz  The donald looking good in the red tie on David letterman  
  is a BAD A$$
 Why isn't  president yet  is your year
_castoz  should be president of the united states
  hopefully your announcing your running for president tonight on Letterman! 
  you really need to run for president. Our country needs a leader like you!
_Carley  Awesome Job on Letterman
  run for president so that Hillary don't win. Please?
 I swear  is my ideal. I just wanna be successful
 . should definitely run for president in 2016! What a true American
 Love that  is one of the few famous people in the public eye that will proudly support the !
    tellin it how it is on letterman
  Man I love you! .
  saw u on Letterman
 I love you  I love yours books  resgards from Venezuela!!!!
  keepng t real on Davd Letterman      _valentina  best show of alllllll time. ABSOLUTELY!
    You ROCK and I u!
     = my new favorite show Great. My mom&amp;I watch together! 
  Great job on Letterman. You're absolutely correct about healthcare it's horrible &amp; not working.
 Wow! Thx Donald! You said it like it is.....who would of thought you you were out for the blue collar....poor people.....
  Great interview on . Yes
 Say what you will about 
  tellin it how it is on letterman
   both of you are role models
  watching _lateshow I'm thinking  for president  please run I'll vote 
 Watched  on The Late Show talk fiscally responsible politics
  watching you now. Great tv
   Of course she is the BEST! No one will ever be better than she 
 's views regarding a more affordable health care system expressed on  is spot on.
  _valentina  best show of alllllll time. ABSOLUTELY! Wish it was on more!
  tellen it like it is such a Genius!!!!
_valentina   best show of alllllll time.
  You ROCK and I u!
   great show this season 
  = my personal hero
   = my new favorite show Great.
  Darn it! If only those criminals would follow the laws of gun legislation!  BUT THEY DON'T
  just caught up on the celeb apprentice AND IM HOOKED. GERLADO IS A MANIAC AND I LOVE IT AND YOU
  just watched y interview-the economic club. Great interview!! Thanks.
_Step  2016 better be the year
.  Great job
  It's record cold all over the country and world - where the hell is global warming
  love the ! Absolutely 100% gold!
You may want to watch David Letterman tonight - I am on!
Via _Media by  Donald Trump France's Strict Gun Laws Enabled Attack

Fact  the tighter the gun laws
But if someone has a gun and is trying to kill you... it would be reasonable to shoot back with your own gun. - 
Looking forward to being honored with the prestigious Friend of Israel award at the  Gala Dinner To be completed this year
Via _En by Moshe Cohen Donald Trump French Gun Control Allowed Terrorists to Succeed I will be on  tonight. Be sure to watch! Always a great time. 
 With Tommy Lee Jones at Mar-a-Lago. You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something
Via  by  Trump  contestants the meanest by far Watch  episode 2 online again via  Nobody Out Thinks Donald Trump

 Photo  &amp;    show  !  Golf Course ! It's record cold all over the country and world - where the hell is global warming
Goodnight everyone
 Finally a real American running America!! 
 I always said I'd never vote but if  runs for president than he's got mine 
_dukes I'd love to see  run in 2016
  A real man who cares about his country only needs a few hours to sleep.  &amp;Progress
 I want my vote to be for someone with values that can turn this nation around . 
 Besides U
  we need you in that office!!  !!
  Politicians are ALL TALK
  can't wait for my first presidential vote to be for you! 
_Wiley12      
 We need you to run for POTUS. we need a REAL American
  Trump is up late...preparing his campaign for president
_nadia   I agree! What America needs right now isn't a politician
_Stephan_  We need you in the white house
   or bust
_  why aren't you running for president? I'm not even a republican but I'd still vote for you
 LOL RT    The country needs TRUMP IN 2016!
_CITY_  Looks like you're going to have to take action like you do with business and make a change yourself.
  That's why someone not in politics needs to run for president. I think you know a guy.
  motivate me to actually vote and get on that forkin ballot 
  I get to vote for the president for the first time in 2016. I hope you're on the ballot
_G  you need to show them how it's done
  we need someone with a sense of urgency and you are the man! 
   you'll be the best president for USA
  GET THIS LUNATIC OUT OF OFFICE RUN FOR PRESIDENT!
_ann1   I'll vote Donald 
  The country needs TRUMP IN 2016!
 Please Please give STRONG AND SERIOUS consideration running in 2016 and saving this country. U have my vote 
  right on man. Run for president &amp; fix it.
  run for president.
  Please run for President.
Politicians are ALL TALK
Who is paying for that tedious Smokey Bear commercial that is on all the time - enough already!
Almost no news organizations are showing the satirical pictures. Gee
   cop was unarmed watch the news
   He is correct. France has harsh gun laws. Terrorists were carrying AK47.
I would like to thank  for the really nice review of Trump National Doral - Best Renovation of the Year (and maybe all time).
Donald Trump to address SC Tea Party Coalition at Myrtle Beach event Via  by  Donald Trump joins other 2016 prospects speaking at SC Tea Party Convention

Remember
Isnt it interesting that the tragedy in Paris took place in one of the toughest gun control countries in the world?
If the people so violently shot down in Paris had guns
Congratulations to new Congressman  being named to House Foreign Affairs Comm. and co-chair the House Republican Israel Caucus.
Why does Obama continue to release the worst of the worst from Gitmo?! Look at Paris and wake up!
My condolences and prayers to the victims of the terrorist attack in Paris.
The Trumps pay tribute to the late _Rivers

Via   Attends A Private Screening + Donald Trump DONATES $25K To  Kamp Kizzy

Via  by  Exclusive Trump To Address South Carolina Tea Party Convention Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again
   i said many times that i wouldve voted for trump each time he ran or thought about running.
  kevin jonas was the man on  I would love to see him come back on! He will.
  they hate you cuz they ain't you 
 Watching Season 8 of  (w/ Joan) on YouTube and I'm hooked! Glad I found out about this show! 
 I love how easily  sees through the bull
  is great
 A shame that  got fired from the ! Would like to see him come back!   HE WILL!
  if I were American id vote for Donald - greatest man on the planet
 YOU MIGHT- JUST BE -THE BEST PRESIDENT -TO COME ALONG THIS WHOLE DAM- CENTURY BUT THATS UP TO YOU?  Thanks.
  is cool. I like him. Vote for him please. Thanks.
 I swear I'll work for  one day
  ru going to run ??????  Watch!
 That first episode of  was intense but incredible. This season is going to be bigger and better than ever!
  my mother was right
 If you wanna make money stick with what you know and love - Donald Trump
_nordquist Donald Trump by Mac Miller will never get old 
    that is genius.
     No one outsmarts the boss!
  I've been predicting very closely on who would get fired tonight. And I knew Kevin and Gilbert would get the axe.
  I agree with Kevin being fired cause he tried to outsmart your father   
Big announcement coming soon regarding South Carolina
Via _Sports Donald Trump Don't Mess Up ' Name. 'I've Seen Him Go Crazy At People'

Congress must repeal ObamaCare. Obama will veto while Americans continue to lose their doctors &amp; pay rising premiums.
Via   by  'Moon cycle' can't defeat  on  Via  by  recap 'Nobody Out Thinks Donald Trump'

Looking forward to next weeks unveiling of the Red Tiger . An 18 hole masterpiece w/two island greens Congrats to  on today's inauguration and having done a great job!
Thanks to our loyal viewers &amp; fans
. I agree!
I look forward to going to the Land Investment Expo in Iowa on Jan. 23. Record crowdsold out venue.  
Learn more about 's  and some of our spectacular real estate in NYC- . was great but he brought the wrong person into the boardroom. Had he brought Lorenzo in
Wow
     you're awesome funny and u gained a new fan!!! Probably many!!!!
  How come  is screwing  by burning off episodes so fast only one hour each?
 U trick Obama into appearing on  by telling him Golf is involved so you can do Country a favor&amp; FIRE HIM!
    omg! The funniest! This has just been the best season so far!!! 
   I give Shawn alot of credit for standing up for herself!!!!!
    How about a  season where Ivanka &amp; Don Jr. lead teams? I'd love to see that.
 721 Fifth Avenue One of the most visually striking skyscrapers ever built
   that's a great book .. The art of the deal.
  great show this season....luv the back to back episodes..great cast this time
  first 3 episodes great! Looking forward to rest of season.
_musicfreakalex Enjoyed  tonight! Awesome as always Mr. 
  great 2 shows tonight. Can't wait till next week.
 _James_22   maybe Kate needs to go
     great show better than the wwe lol
_SuLLy   geraldo is an egotistical selfcentered pain! Strong competitor &amp; makes for a good show 
_ I'm loving  as Project Manager!    
 A great night of watching   . Thank you mr 
    she truly is &amp; well spoken &amp; gracious.
 Donald it's time to boot Kate 
 Just completed The Art of the Deal. Written the year I was born and its principles still apply today. Very inspiring!
   he should have fired Vivicia right away - she's trash
     it definitely is in this household ) Great job sir.
    omg! The funniest! This has just been the best season so far!!! 
  Join the lean scene with  You
     is the male version of  from 7 years ago!  
  I'm so glad Shawn stood up for herself!!!
_nicole95  is so intimidating! I would never wanna be on his bad side!! He's still basically a king tho
_maa      way to go Shawn Johnson! 
_WillChristoph Can  Just Fire Kate Gosselin Just Because? 
  Shawn was absolutely right. Bringing up the why was trashy. imho
  _trac  no
 I like the Bachelor but  is getting all the love on Mondays! Best of 2015    
 The women rule tonight on  - let's hope they don't kill each other before next week! 
    way to go Shawn Johnson!
_  please fire  she's rude and classless 
  you're awesome in that boardroom. Great back to back episodes tonight!
  I love the way you don't take any crap from .I can't wait to hear you say Kate
 DonaldTrump it's has to be so hard to keep personal feelings out of the boardroom. Love how you call the bs 
_tracylee  Was Gilbert good?  Cough cough cough
_keesh Well damn  got straight to the point didn't ya? 
 Currently_  stirs the pot lmao  
  is my hero! Have never had so much fun watching  
_s  Apprentice is so good this season. I'd like to thank  for these 2 back to back episodes !!!! this show amazing
 I like Trump Tower  
 Love 's dress!   
__Cox  This Show Is GOLD!!!! 
 I don't like  why is she even on  I wish  could answer this for me.
  loveee 
    making it happen
  He just knows how to ask the right questions to get the celebs to turn on each other
 How does everyone not like watching  show 
  this season of the  is off to a great start!
  love the show
 Celebrity Apprentice is back! I love ! Who is going to be the  of the season? 
 I'm way to addicted to watching Celebrity Apprentice 
  Geraldo Rivera the Hispanic omarosa
  is acting like a spoiled little brat.  
 I can't decide if Geraldo's ego is a gimmick
  well The Donald already knows who is going. Kevin
 Great episode of celebrity apprentice!   
  the boardroom is jaw dropping
Remember
   Brandi should win! I hope Kate and Geraldo get kicked off soon...
  Geraldo looks happy they lost bc he wasn't project manager. 
   GUYS SHOULD HAVE WON I don't disagree but executives picked!
   boardroom is going to get ugly!!!
    What a baby. He's having a temper tantrum because he isn't getting his own way.
_R_2014    Geraldo is being a high maintenance diva!
  Did you know before the show how immature and confrontational Geraldo was?
     thnx u for ur support _ Kate's Brain The Lights Are On And No Ones Home!    
 .  Holy shit! Amazing! 
   Your behavior is awful. You need to dial down the arrogance!
  Genius idea having Geraldo on this season. Perfection.
_with1D Geraldo is a princess. Please get over yourself  
  is perfect for the commercial awesome!    
   Geraldo needs to shut tf up 
 Who does Geraldo think he is the worlds most famous man?! He's driving me insane  
  you're the best! Can't imagine where you find the time! Thank you.
  is starting now don't miss  and the hidden gem who's already underestimated the amazing 
  Watching the Celebrity Apprentice
    _1 Mr.Trump can u pls give a shout out tonight to  
       I only watch cause Brandi is amazing I love her.
  I am so excited to view this new season! 
  is back on I love this show hats off to  for putting together a true masterpiece Thank you.
       stay on top of . She's got to go
   intro always gives me life!
  why does The Apprentice intro still show your 727? You should show that gorgeous 757!!!! You are right.
       Love the glasses. A sophisticated look!
 _ValleyGirl YES!!!!!!!!     
 Watching   it's on I am rooting for  and my 15 year old is rooting 
  Glad to see George again on  
 Best show on Television Celebrity Apprentice   
  Watching tonight's New episode!  feels this 1 will be Good like All the rest 
 Watching Celebrity Apprentice. Great stuff so far  .
 Homie is on Celebrity Apprenteince with 
_Girl   Kate Gosselin is fearless. Waych out !
 Who is watching  with me tonight?    getting a great fix tonight! 2 episodes!
_Thomps  this is going to be a great  season! Great cast!
    what a cool cast this time
_thereseV  is Kate her own charity? Last I checked she doesn't have a job... or raise money.
    I really wish Kate would just shut it and let people talk and quit her side comments!!!
I will be live tweeting!
Celebrity Apprentice starts in 15 minutes on NBC. ENJOY!
Via   among  2015 judges Looking forward to speaking at _United &amp;  Iowas Freedom Summit on January 24th   RT  TTonight the 2nd and 3rd eps of The Apprentice are on at 8 &amp; 9. Great ratings last night 18 - 49. FUN!
 gold medalist wins Trump Invitational Grand Prix at 's Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach    calls the show evil and that is FUN??
     The ONLY reason I'm watching network tv tonight is .
    LOVE Brandi is on your show!
  Mr. Trump it's going to be a very interesting and amusing season I am already hooked!
 
 TONIGHT Celebrity Apprentice 8/7c Ep. 2 &amp; 3! 2 Hours of Back to Back Competition  Remember
You can watch all the highlights of last nights record 14th season premiere of  Via  's TV Highlights 

Via  by   _RiversWas 'Very Warm' During Appearance on  . at  this afternoon- a wonderful woman. It was an honor to donate $25K to her charity. Wow
 We had lots of fun last night with the live tweeting so I will do it again tonight from 8-10pm.
Don't forget
_quarez .  was awesome yesterday. Can't wait to see a new episode tonight!  we are here
  your the man
I will be on  at 700 A.M. Will be talking about many things
 It's time!!   
  is baaaaaack!  
  great show tonight! Can't wait till tomorrow night!!
   the first show of  was amazing. Can't wait to see next week's episode.
  Great show! My money is on Sig Hanson or Geraldo Rivera!
  Yes!  on now
 I really love 
. My newsfeed is nothing but DonaldTrump n  ! But that's alright with me cuz I love them. Great minds.
  Best  cast ever!! Love  and so glad  wasn't fired! 
     No comment
I will be LIVE tweeting tomorrow (MONDAY) nights TWO shows starting at 800 P.M. They are both great.
   is one of my fav shows!!! Wanna live tweet tmrw night?   
  prove that you actually control this account
  First time I watched the start of the season. Enjoyed the show
  can't wait for tomorrow's episodes!  
_smith  _ADW  I agree kevin seems to have what it takes and he seems very classy. Wasnt a fan b4 but am now.
 I am rooting for   but if I was on the  I would call my friend  to help
  So glad  is back! Looks like it will be a fantastic year! Thanks for a great show. Got out of hosp in time!
  . Surprised how accurate and likable the Jonas brother is pointing out Heraldo's    poster
 DonaldTrump Alot of good looking guys but what's important is R they  material Can't wait 2 C them in action
 Why is  so amazing? Love watching 
 Really enjoyed  tonight. Looking forward to a couple new episodes tomorrow night! 
  I don't watch a lot of T.V but couldn't wait for Celebrity Apprentice. It was great!!
  I know you went back and forth w/ Cuban - I'm convinced  is the best show on tv!
   PLS NOT  OR  JUST BCUZ U R DRAMA DOESNT MEAN U SHOULD hEARN THE TITLE OR PRAISE
   Kate looked great and did an amazing job
  You were awesome! Love your loyalty to team members like Keisha. &lt;3 You!!  
 HATE  ! But I have to watch this season of  because it has such an awesome cast.  !
  is the one to beat on   
   you go. Love your spirit. F the haters
      does anyone else think some faces look like Picasso sculptures?
_ADW Gotta say I have  winning it all  social media
 Ahhhhhh really would do anything to be on The Apprentice 
This show was taped just before the terrible Bill Cosby revelations came to light.She still should have asked him for money-goes to charity.
  You fired the right woman tonight. Kenya &amp; Brandi each must go. The lowest of the low.
     I agree. Kate needed the boot. Her time will come
 I wonder how it would be growing up with  as a father
  I loved it. 
  so many women to fire. Gonna be a cat fight
   is as real as they come. Love her 
_ Nothing like hearing  say YOU'RE FIRED twice in one night! Tomorrow Night 8/7 CST! 
   AWESOME TEAMS TONIGHT. ..!!! PRICELESS
Hope you liked it. Tune in tomorrow night at 800 and 900 for two episodes and two boardrooms! Will be a great evening of television!
  Jamie brought in no money? her pie recipe brought in $25K 
  just turned me into a  fan. Love the new season!! 
 You're Fired! It's music to my ears when it comes from  mouth! Why a commercial?!? 
 First time watching Celebrity Apprentice and I'm really enjoying it! 
   the music always gives it such a dramatic effect
 Love  asking  for the truth! He knows he'll get it!
 Mondays are about to become my favourite night of the week!   
 Who will  fire?!? Will there be a  in the boardroom?!?  
   I hope it's Kate
_8888  Brandi for the win!!
_Paul08 There's nothing more relaxing than a Trump Tower suite!!    
  is my idol...  Thanks.
  
 . I love celebrity apprentice. The storylines are much better than NFL playoff football.
  and  killed it!    
   I really needed to watch the Apprentice tonight!! Great show!! Motivates me!! 
  best part of the show
  has built up a great show 
  it will not be pretty (Keisha YOUR FIRED) 
  tells the guys
 The iconic You're fired is coming  can't wait.
  wonder who gets FIRED hmmm
 It's about to go down! Buckle up!  
 Can't wait to see what team lost so the gloves can come off!   
_Jonas22  it is interesting so far
 I follow  in hopes he'll drop some knowledge that'll make me as rich as him
  Very intense!! 
  I love the boardroom. Awkward atmosphere right now. 
  great cast! Girls are going to win!
 Kevin is bringing it in the boardroom   
_0909  intense but I would expect nothing less
   I think the ladies team will fire the blonde who dissed her team. Respect. 
  &amp;  back on my TV! I'm a happy gal 
  loving it....glad you're back. But we're wondering who is this season's 
_brotha   just goes for the throat
  great boardroom so far. Love the tension
  Kevin Jonas is a very strong player
How do you like the boardroom so far?
  Kenya Moore is an ass!! Hope she is fired FIRST!!!
    KENYA MOORE ROCKS! WATCH HER WORK HER STUFF!!!
This boardroom gets CRAZY! These people are wild
     agree!!!
 Would be the greatest start to the new Year that I could ever imagine!!! Happy New Year Mr. Trump and Team!!!
 So glad  is back!    are my favs. Go team vortex!
  Kenya Moore - hmmmm - Won't be there long. Needs to go. 
  I believe in Kevin Jonas!!! he's the best  
   I love Brandi you go girl kick some a$$!!!
  Any Real Housewife
 The baby in the background got hit in the face with flying pie!   
  all the athletes are doing great!
  and  are the best things about this season of  Can we keep them around until the end
 I admire how  is holding himself in the boardroom   
  is on ??? that's it
  love the show! 
   is going to go far because he's a media circus.  will come close to winning
   Kenya Moore will be omarosa redux. That attitude is boring. She needs to go.
  like Shawn Johnson and predicting her as season winner!!!!!! 
  yay watching my very favorite show
   go home please!  plez help! Love the show but
   Brandi is the BEST!!!!! She deserves it all! 
  Leeza!!!
 The mens team has better flavors of pies. Interested to see who wins!  
 Watching    is the man...
   Brandi for the win
   NOT ! She does nothing but run her mouth!
   Too early first episode.  season needs to play out. Then I'll let u know. 
  You look fab! They were so lucky to have you in the kitchen    Go Kate Go!
 I'm loving this Celebrity Apprentice season!   The Donald is the best! 
Who do you like - hate so far?
  SO HAPPY  is back on! Thanks Donald for keeping it real!
_SKenergy   This show motivates me. Part of my inspiration to 
  please fire Kenya first. Really?
 Watching  for the first time ever. Love it so far! 
  I'm so happy that  is back! 
 Yay!  I'm so excited for celebrity apprentice )
  So
 I'm rooting for   and     DonaldTrump
_In_Fla     Well
  has an all star cast of celebrities this season of ! This should be interesting. True.
  i love donald trump!!!! Thanks
 Nobody wants to be the first one fired. Isn't that the truth
 I kinda hope  sticks around for a while just for moments like that  
 Love  and ! This is gonna be another awesome season. 
  so excited! Best show on television. 
  Watching  's show  to see 
  Geraldo may be crazy enough to do whatever it takes.
 My Sunday's will now be spent with  again! So excited  is back!
 I am SOO super excited to watch  and DonaldTrump on tonight!! Two of my favorite people ever. SHE IS GREAT.
 Here we go!  starts NOW on ! Let's do this!    
It's still exciting after all these years - and this cast is special!
 In Ten minutes on  's Apprentice  begins his season long domination! _Priestley you watchin?
 Ok Tweeps. Who is going home first tonight?!     
    looking forward to this
   rooting for . 
This is going to be a special season - truly great characters and cast. You will soon see!
In less than 30 minutes- watch the season premiere of  on NBC.
  returns tonight at 9/8c on NBC- Everyone is asking me to cover The Apprentice LIVE on twitter. I will do so. Tonight 9 to 11. IT WILL BE A GREAT EVENING OF TELEVISION!
    I can't wait to watch The New APPRENTICE NBC  900 pm tonight.
    12 hours &amp; counting down to watch 
 I can't wait to watch this season of    I can't wait to watch  dominate!
     Yeah! Bring on/down the gauntlet
  Hello Mr. Trump. I LOVE  and can NOT wait till it airs.  and  ; 2 other faves!
 Really looking forward to the Premier of The Apprentice tonight at 9PM EST on NBC.Such a well executed and captivating show.
      cant wait to watch tonight!!!
  I've been waiting for this day for way too long!  starts tonight! Can't wait!  Enjoy!
    Thank you for reminding me watch/ set my pvr for The Apprentice tonight! Thank you Bill.
 So excited for  cant wait to see what   have in store for us this season!
    Me too!!!!  all the way!!!  is a wonderful charity!!
 Tune in for some late night viewing of  on celebrity apprentice USA  tonight
_branding To my biz-minded tweeps from   ...I'll see you 2nite for 
   we need to get you all on the  with the .  
   I LOVE THIS SHOW
   I thought it would never start again...
   Brandi G.  goes first hopefully
  So a new Celebrity Apprentice Sunday and Monday night?  YES.
 Just set my DVR for The Apprentice. Let's go 
___LisaMichelle So excited. You got this Brandi!   
_2BCOLLIES   Actually Milo
      to the finish line!!
   -  will be following ur  comments! 
   How many times does TO cry?
  Im sure the show will be great
   I just watched the tease on you tube. Terrell
   cannot wait!!!
  can't wait love this show
   Looking forward to your show and especially seeing Joan Rivers. She did a great job!
    You in danger
  look at alum  making you proud with   Great.
   Can;t wait!
   please let it be  and  first. But u probably like that negativity
   By popular demand I will be tweeting tomorrow's premiere of . on . 9/8c    will  be too?  Yes.
_Stew  adding Housewives to your show calls for entertaining tv  
    good luck on your umpteenth season from the show Producer of show 1
   I'm excited for this season
   would be great to have Obama on his show so the Don can fire his arsss
_Blood  Needs to run for president
_Zhang_ Looking forward to season 14 of ! 
    Is the fucking man !
   it's about time!!!!
 Watch  tomorrow at 9pm ET on  because  said so!     I'm ready for the show tomorrow night.
 Who will hear those two famous words?  premieres tomorrow at 9/8c on NBC. _Paul08 It's almost here
     I know and we are ready .. who is going to win ? My GIRL 
     already set the DVR for Sunday and Monday. 
     I'm so rooting for you on Celebrity Apprentice !! Go girl!TYSM
 Too excited to seeing my two favourite people on TV together on one show
Via  by  Show-jumping grand prix returns to Mar-a-Lago Sunday Via  Floridas Trump Invitational to kick off showjumping year By popular demand I will be tweeting during tomorrow's record 14th season premiere of  on  at 9/8c My  int. by  w/ discussing the Sunday  premiere of  14th season    our country need something. Never seen so much division as the last  years.
  Will you run? Will you run for President? Mr Trump
  will be watching with my entire family. We are so happy you're back on TV
 My only New Year's resolution Be more like  Nice
  The Art of the Deal is a great read filled with excellent
I will be commenting LIVE on Sunday night (9 to 11) on TWITTER - Celebrity Apprentice will be great this season - amazing cast!
  I am actually excited for the weekend to be over so I can watch The Celebrity Apprentice! Can't wait! Enjoy!
  What is the best book for real estate? I want to get into the business. TRUMP
  Louis Z never ever quit. Neither does Donald T.
  genius Tweet.
  You are a good Christian! You are right! Also
  trump kicked Rosie's ass
I just saw the movie Unbroken  very good except I thought the ending was weak
  Trump University was exceptionally highly rated. Get the facts straight!
  I work Sunday evenings will celebrity apprentice be replayed? Watch tomorrow night at 900 then Mon. at 8
. season premiere this Sunday at 9/8c on -   Too strong? Point out a time in America's history where it was good to have a PUSSY in the White House!
  and  sounds like a dream team
_nlawrie  if you're as strident in life as you are with these tweets then no wonder you're loaded.
  Gets my vote for President. He's my hero! When I grow up I want to be like him.
 Happy new year my president  Thank you.
  is a great leader and definitely someone I look up to. Great role model Thanks.
     Hell yes! It's gonna be fun.
 Excited for the Miss Universe! Hi  
_Edward_K  Your a Genius sir 
_muldoon  Headed to Trump Central Park for my wife's birthday!! Can't wait!!  Have fun!
   You would be a damn sight better than Jeb ! or Billary !
  look awesome in Home Alone 2 lost New York you look great in the movie today in 
    I love the cast this season.
 we need  for president
  can't wait for series4 to air on BBC One Sunday night )
_Snurk  SO AWESOME!! Man of nat'l unmatched merit
   _ This season is going to be great! Can't wait!
   Yes
  TRUMP FOR PRESEDENT OVER ALL OF AMERCIA!!!!!!!!
   my secret addiction! Now only if you would do a regular people edition.
   _ I just hope both last well half way into season w/lots of drama!
 Oh please please please let  run for president. That would make my year.
 DonaldTrump Even though I feel his personality is to strong for President
  _  My money is on Kenya getting fired first.
  So excited for Sunday and Celebrity Apprentice!!! You will love it
 . with a solid cameo in      So excited for this season. It may be one of the best and most vicious ever.
  Icahn
  _ I definitely think Kenya is smarter than Brandi
  please run for president you got my vote 
    Trump himself never ever filed for bankruptcy So true
 If you're interested in 'balancing' work and pleasure
 DonaldTrump At one time you were 900 million in debt and you came back. You never flinched. You have to respect that.  Thank you
   
_Whiskas If you're interested in 'balancing' work and pleasure
  Hope you finally run for President. That should be your new year's resolution. Good thought!
  hey be president
  Palm Beach is one of the greatest places in the World to Live!   
  please run for president this country needs you!
  for president please! 
  I believe in you to bring this country back to what it once was! MR. Trump for president! Thanks Dan!
  So excited for a New Year &amp; new Celeb Apprentice! Can't wait to see The Trumps back in The Boardroom!
  happy new year sir can't wait for 
  __ Do u ever sleep?  Not much!
  You're only a year away from  ...pick a running mate. Happy New Year
  ;
The Mar-a-Lago Club was amazing tonight. Everybody was there
__  for president
 DonaldTrump
  i bet you have some great ideas on how to turn this country around  I do
  so excited for  thank you for creating such an amazing show  Enjoy it
   One of the best things I bought in 2014  ties  
  He has all the ingredients to get elected and turn this this ship around! Run! Don't let us hit the iceberg!
   He STANDS UP for what he believes in!! regardless if all people like it. &amp;Vote
 First time in theTrump International Hotel and Tower and it's absolutely gorgeous!! Thank-You sir! Excellent hospitality
  Thanks Donald. Now run for president! Fulfill your purpose! To much is given
  Your APPAREL is UNPARALLELED! In Order to OUTSMART the Rest
  incredible experience at the world famous Mar A Lago Clubhappy New Year
 Negotiation tip  The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. -  So true!
  announce your presidential campaign tonight. WE NEED A LEADER!   Feeling a deep gratitude for all the inspiration u had given me through 2014. Sincerely wishing u more success to come!
  If you run for President I
To EVERYONE
 I see you  In the end
Without passion you don't have energy
If you're interested in 'balancing' work and pleasure
_upfield  _puggi Run Donald
  Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war.
_puggi   If one man could get this fucking country back together Donald Trump can. I admire him.
What separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate.
Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war.
Wheres the electability? Jeb is losing to HRC by 13 points. A Bush will never beat a Clinton. Wake up !
The Trump Signature Collection
This Sunday at 9/8C
   Mr. Trump
  Even the Elf On The Shelf is STARTING to get Restless! On JANUARY 4th the APPRENTICE is going to be Great!
  Johnny Damon talks  and working for .  RT  You're never a loser until you quit trying
 Am sooo glad that Joan R will still be on CA
  Tours of Lewis and Harris with Hebridean Excursions  Great places!
  are the kindest heart in all of USA. You give SO much to us &amp; you forgive the haters &amp; loosers!
.  Great to have you and your GREAT team at Trump National Doral. Go out and finish your fantastic season in style!
 What's BRUTAL is a nation WITHOUT the vision
  yeah Donald can't wait to see apprentice been too long
  What grade 1-10 you give to the reign of Gabriela Isler ??? Greetings from Brazil!  She gets a solid 10!
  Mr Trump
   Welcome to  and good luck on Wednesday! cc   well well.. 
If you cant see it
Via  by  Donald Trump  To Micromanage or Not To Micromanage? Donald Trump on 'Brutal' New Season of 

Via  Trumps grand plans for  resort get the green light Via   to open restaurant in Trump Intl Washington
Sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make.
If you're going to be thinking
Deals are my art form. Other people paint beautifully or write poetry. I like making deals
 I enjoyed your book 'Think like a Billionaire' for the second time. You give very practical advice and it really helps
 You got to love  ...enjoyed his inspiring words...all the way from Down Under!
_Anne_Spears   Always enjoy your common sense. Wish the ones in office would use theirs.
  great job on  we need you or we will be stuck with another 
  inspiring words on  this morning great job as always
 Just watched you on  while putting on a  tie getting ready for work 
 in two minutes.
  Is there any particular celebrity you would want to have on The Apprentice? Pete Rose &amp; let him in Hall!
 Wearing the  signature collection today 
_pete Please RT? Very sick 8 year old British girl with rare cancer needs help to get more treatment.  No once respect is lost
   Looking forward to his thoughts
   Nice lil' cliff hanger you've created... much suspense. Very edge of seat. Wow.
   please talk about how you maintain such perfect presidential hair! 
  im british but i sure would vote for you if i was american 
 My bday just been so perfect so far  only way it will be better if my inspiration  wishes me happy bday 
Can the relationship between the mayor of New York City and the police force ever be fixed?  Tune in to  at 715.
  Voting for DonaldTrump16 is voting for the essence of being American &amp;the value of great capitalism 
_laine DonaldTrump not one thing about you is not loved. 2016 president! There is hope and where there is hope there is promise
  You'll definitely carry the South. Go for it! 
   I'll be watching Mr Trump.
  _1135  Trump for President !! Your Country Needs You !
_1135   Ronald Reagan was an actor
I will be on  tomorrow morning at 715 Hope you enjoy and agree!
    Love that show. Hope I'm out of the hosp in time to catch the premiere.Get well!
_tantig The only way the USA is going to be saved from destruction is if  runs for president 
_tantig The only way the USA is going to be saved from destruction is if  runs for president  Thanks.
  Trump 2016
   Trump is the  in .   is  and  Need to  
 Oh wow. Celebrity Apprentise starts next Sunday at 8..    I watch every year!!
  for president 2016
   I would like to see  in the debates. His America first ideas need to be heard
_Albanese . on 's . I really hope Gilbert goes on a yelling
 Looking forward 2it - ONE week from 2nite  ! Look 4ward 2  tribute to! _inc Good thing I tuned into this Steelers/Bengals NFL game on NBC as I found out that Donald's  starts next Sunday!
             I made birdie on  last month. Enjoy that back nine. Great stretch at the end! 
 Off to stay at the trump chicago.. End of the holidays dinner with the fam.  
  2016 President. The world needs a real business man. Not a political putter from the Bush ward
 If youre going to be thinking
 It's tangible
_barnes1   's Trump The Art of the Deal 
  You are so wise!! I cant wait until youre president!! 
  and  and  are my favorite billionaires and heroes.
 Trump Tower
  You would make a great GOP President Mr Trump!
 Merry Christmas Mr But this country can't have a TRULY merry Christmas until you are in the Whitehouse (as our President)
 I refuse to vote in 2016 unless  is running &amp; if he's not I'm getting a one way ticket outta here
  Time for a great President You are needed urgently
  Trump for president ! Trump for America ! 
  is a great businessman. I learned so much from The Art of the Deal. Best of luck!
  Any chance of working w/ again soon... Always
 Merry Christmas
_Snurk  is Xmas present I want 2016! Not just a Happy Holiday! The MOST IMPORTENT day in the world if  is PREZ!
 If i tweet anything in 2015
  ...I HEARD YA MIGHT RUN IN 2016....WE THE PEOPLE NEED A PRESIDENT..NOT ONE LIKE OWEBUMMA !
  you can't lose in 2015 or 2016. Merry Christmas.
_T_Virus The only thing I asked for as Xmas gifts this year are a  presidential campaign and a BOFA! 
  Marry Christmas to the future President of the United States!  Well
   Card was the best
 Merry Christmas  
  Merry Christmas thank you for all of the motivation you have given me in life. You are a very inspiring man
  love that you say 
  was in Home Alone 2  Not to mention we already had two Bush presidents
_1 Please run for President would be a better choice than  Seeing  tomorrow&gt;was great on 
  Just Do It!
 Merry CHRISTMAS! Can't wait 4 Celebrity Apprenctice my favorite show on TV
  Trump for president 2016
  A BIG job to Recover from this Administration.... Around the World! ! Merry Christmas to you &amp; family! !
  hope you are part of that leadership! Merry Christmas to you and your family.
  Merry Christmas! Hope you and your beautiful family have a fantastic day. Thank you.
  Merry Christmas you to mr trump hope we can find those leaders
Merry Christmas to all - have a fantastic day
So many people think I will not run for President.Wow
_stepharv32  _on have a great Christmas  you're a true inspiration. Thanks!
_Cudi  Merry Christmas to my favorite billionaire! )  Cute
  you should run for president!
  _on I WILL GLADLY BE YOUR CAMPAIGN MANAGER DONALD I WANTED YOU TO BE PRESIDENT LAST ELECTION
 All I want for Christmas is  to run for president!
_Snurk  has BRAINS! Trump has ORGANIZATION! Trump has OUR intrests at heart! And he has REAL Republican Values!
   _on Well then
 Santa...All I want for Christmas. 1.my kids to be healthy 2.to pay off all our debt be debt free 3. DonaldTrump become President
  admired you. You are the man who'll fight for the American Dream!
    Incredible building... a must trip to Panama! Black Sand Beaches
  Merry Christmas! I'm raising funds for St. Jude Children's Research Hospital   _on I have been waiting for the day to vote you for president
  Get it done Donald! 
  plz run for president.
_on No Bush
  I'm waiting for the day I can put a check mark next to your name for president.
  Merry Christmas
   i keep saying you should run for President!
  if u ran for president I would vote for you!
  I would work ur campaign and u wouldn't even have to pay me
 I'm not calling  out or anything but how about you run for president?!  Watch!
  full support
  I'm 46 years old and I have never voted. If you ran for President
Via _Media by Alana Marie Burke Donald Trump 2016 7 Key Political Positions Latin Americas tallest building  is the perfect getaway location to celebrate the New Year in luxury  My Christmas Wish! Trump for Pres. in 2016       My birthday's Jan. 3 &amp;  returns Jan. 4. Nice birthday present. ;)
  If you are president I would hope this kind of honest commentary would remain
_Batchelor What  had to say about Al Sharpton was spot on. Wish more Americans would speak their minds about him.
  Wishing you Happy Holidays. Can't wait for the  to start in January.
_Snurk  is the Man! He get's things DONE! America is LOST &amp; DONALD TRUMP is the Savior we have all been praying for!
 I believe in  2016 
  Very excited for the new season of Apprentice. A very diverse group of individuals.
   Happy Holiday to you and your loved ones
__Cox Mr. TRUMP very excited for the new season of The Celebrity Apprentice! Incredible show
  loser newspaper &amp; loser comedian!
_Dub12 Still one of my all time favorite cameos. Down the hall and to the left   
  liberal rag is done
 absolutely love your family Mr. Trump. I'm a humongous admirer of you and your family. Can't wait to see the next season
  ..who the F is Bill Maher? Nobody really!
  Celebrity Apprentice. I hope NBC has all the episodes online since I got rid of my lousy ass rip off Time Warner Cable.
  I hope in the next couple of years I can call you. Mr. President.
 DonaldTrump Please take me serious America needs u more now than ever we r at crossroads NO MORE BUSH'S IN WH OR WE R DONE
  We need someone to make America
Dummy Bill Maher did an advertisement for the failing New York Times where the picture of him is very sad-he looks pathetic
   Doesn't get much better than that! Trump and Tiger on golf!
_gile Wise words spoken by Donald Trump Sometimes by losing a battle
 Without passion you don't have energy
_TSize Never realized that  was in Home Alone 2 the man does everything 
 Always caught off guard when  makes the appearance in Home Alone 2 
_JPG RT  Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one.
Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one.
Entrepreneurs Absorb
Entrepreneurs Realize that fear is the exact opposite of faith. Resolve to be bigger than your problems. Who's the boss?
   I can't wait for  to begin! Should be interesting...
So excited to have  performing at the 2015  at  Congrats  for being named one of the Most Notable Openings of 2014 from  Plan a perfect weekend for the holidays in NYC's hottest neighborhood using  20% offer Entrepreneurs Whatever happens
Entrepreneurs  Use your imagination. Use your intelligence to execute what your imagination presents to you.
Entrepreneurs Realize that becoming an entrepreneur is not a group effort. You're in charge. Everything starts with you.
   You would be what the country needs a true buisnessman! An American citizin that really cares!
 Yes  please run for president! 
 DonaldTrump has one of the best twitters out there. love him or hate him
  please run for president! 
_royer  on point as always
  Im waiting....4..President Trump!!!!!! )...I love when u come on fox n friends!! Good Morning..
 Good Morning Mr. Trump just heard you on . El Presidente
On  in two minutes!
  6 psychiatrists all from HARVARD... TRUMP on verge of genius... Perry average or below IQ..CAN'T absorb data fast
 I really admire . Thank you!
    I always watch your Monday morning interviews on Fox and they are all fantastic. Trump for POTUS!
Will be interviewed on  tomorrow morning - Monday - at  800. Much to talk about!
 Can't wait RT  Its the nastiest Ive ever seen.   on this season of 
  You are the only man to save America!
  i agree Mr.Trump should run for President
   CAN NOT WAIT!!!!! fav is  !!!!!
 . I like when someone who does not need money is getting into polItics.
 Mr. Trump
 This country needs  to run for president
  you are the best republican for the job. Your the only one clean
  Run Donald - RUN!
  FORGET THE REST 
  YOU CAN WALK AWAY WITH THIS JOB GO GO
  so excited for new season of celebrity apprentice. Been a big fan since like 4th grade  Great!
  Be sure to set exceptional goals for your 2015 resolutions. Push yourself
 The Only Candidates I Would Vote For President In 16 Are  Or 
 thanks for the good word   . We need you badly to run for President. You are a Patriot and we desperately need one. Run!!!!!!!!!!
 You sir
  this will be our year to shine.
  Richly deserved .Looking forward to grander news in 2015.You are the epitome of inspiration.
  please save the United States of America. I know you can get the country back on the right track again
   quite agree. Need to see Mr Trump more in public life
     Mr Trump
 I hope  runs in 2016! We need new blood and Mr Trump is the one to do it! You will have my vote Sir!
 I really hope  runs for president.He would definitely have my vote! Patriotism at it's finest!! 
Be sure to set exceptional goals for your 2015 resolutions. Push yourself
Via  by  Why Trump Should Run The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.  Walt Disney
Romney was the architect of ObamaCare. Bushs Chief Justice legalized the monstrosity. Notice a trend?
 Just after I did my renovation in Central Park of  -A Clinton already defeated a Bush. The definition of insanity is doing the same thing twice &amp; expecting a different result.
If only Obama would treat   with the same respect he awards tyrants. Very strange &amp; dangerous for our national security.
Obama now wants to deny due process to the police. Hell give all constitutional rights to the terrorists but not our cops.
My  interview discussing why we do not need another Bush   Mr. Trump I believe Sir we can take this country back and make it greater than it's ever been before! God bless you! Thanks.
   One of the many things I admire about you Mr. Trump is that you aren't afraid to speak your mind. True!
 My  illustration as seen in audience of the  show!  Not so smart after all  Man with name on Duke law library must pay me legal fees after Trump trial victory.
Should have settled  Ft Lauderdale plaintiffs must pay me close to $400k in legal fees after Trump trial victory.
Pigs get slaughtered  again.  Ft Lauderdale plaintiffs must pay me close to $400k in legal fees after Trump trial victory.
Another clip from my  interview discussing why Sony should not have capitulated to the hackers My  appearance re Sony
The movie may be garbage but we cant let a foreign country dictate to us what to watch.  
Amy Pascal of Sony was totally used by Rev. Al Sharpton. She should be fired for stupidity.
_zajac   I'm looking forward to staying  tonight!  I have heard wonderful things.  Greatenjoy!
Must read  article by  Jeb Bush and the Outsiders Via   Donald Trump starts 250million overhaul on  golf resort Great  interview with  on  discussing the real estate economy &amp; 2016 My  'Power Players' interview with  Inside Donald Trumps new digs on Pennsylvania Avenue Premiering Jan. 4th

Must watch  interview on  discussing  Will be interviewed tonight at 7 by  re Sony &amp; Bush
 It is great being part of Home Alone 2
I'll be co-hosting  tonight. Be sure to tune in!
We fully support  in Turnberrygreat for beauty &amp; tourism. Wind turbines are death to environment.   Congratulations  for making 's !  We need  in office. Guide this country back to its roots!!
  that's why we need and want you to run for president
 This sentiment of just 'give in easily' wouldn't exist if we had a Trump presidency in place. Run Mr Trump... We need you!
 Sounds gr8 MT  Jose Andres to run the primary restaurant at  's Old Post Office hotel.
   Come on MR. TRUMP we NEED you! Otherwise
   America cannot survive another Bush! 
 RT  THE LAST THING THIS COUNTRY NEEDS IS ANOTHER BUSH! Or another Clinton.
   Do you think the Bushes knew Justice Roberts was going to pull an ObamaCare stunt like that?
  you told America what needs to happen with china
__ Vote Donald Trump for president!!!!!!!!!! 
  A sad day for freedom of speech- Via _Media by  Donald Trump 'Last Thing We Need Is Another Bush' After destroying the Middle East &amp; our economy
In Charlottesville
Via  by  &amp;  Donald Trump Says Jeb Bush is the Last Thing We Need Via  by   to open golf academy at Donald Trumps  . by  Trump lands  for Old Post Office flagship restaurant My  int

Story written by a  reporter that the HuffPost refused to print. Total bias
I cant believe the great  got canned by . He was a fantastic reporter &amp; really knew entertainment. He will be missed!
Success is not final
Tweet me your New Year's resolution to make America great again!  Via  by  Donald Trump hints at presidential run
Via  Donald Trumps  plan gets go-ahead Obama has admitted that he spends his mornings watching . Then he plays golf
Obama attacks the CIA for  waterboarding while routinely droning civilians caught in the Islamist crosshairs.
Via  by  President Trump? Says 'there's a very substantial chance' he'll run in 2016 THE LAST THING THIS COUNTRY NEEDS IS ANOTHER BUSH!
Donald Trump on Jeb Bush The last thing we need is another Bush C-SPAN/Conversation with Donald Trump/Economic Club of Washington
See yourself as victorious! That will focus you in the right direction.  Trump Never Give Up
With Miamis top  vacation package  is the perfect option to celebrate the start of 2015. Ice Skaters Invade Mar-a-Lago as Snow Falls on Palm Beach Salvation Army Ball! _42120 Donald Trump  running for ? YES please! 
_42120  FOR PRESIDENT.   
 America needs 
 We have added MacLeod House in Aberdeen  to our best restaurants in Scotland page at   for president
  GOVERNMENT SHOULD SPEND THAT ON FIGHTING ISIS. RUN FOR PRESIDENT
  For president
 DO YOUR FELLOW PATRIOTS PROUD AND RUN  RUN!    
How many more times do we all have to watch and pay for that stupid and never ending  commercial. How much is govt. spending?
 Incredible interview  I hope  was watching. cc    
Via  by  Luxury penthouse at  skyscraper sells for record $17M Revenge is sweet and not fattening. - Alfred Hitchcock
30 million Americans are unemployed yet Obama has set up workshops across the country for illegals to get Amnesty The CIA deserves our praise for taking the fight to the enemy in the dark corners of the world. The CIA perseveres
The lights went out at the White House today Via   Premieres Sunday

Via  by  Donald Trump Goes to Washington 

Looking forward to tonight's conversation w/ David Rubenstein . Airing live on  at 7PM EST . named Christmas Day Brunch   one of the best in the city!    You're a legend!!  Wow!
   Country needs to rise &amp; be great again! So we need great men &amp; leaders at the top!! True!
  America needs to be renovated like the Wollman Rink - and you're the man to do it.
  I live in Australia and am hearing about you maybe running for president
  TRUMP 2016
 Amercia really needs a man like . And why settle for LIKE him? USA needs TRUMP!  Thanks!
_GR7  I want to live in a U.S. where you are President  Thank you!
    Mr Trump you could return America's business respectability &amp; viability with the world! EASY!
  didn't don imus make that same mistake  Yes!
  One thing about Mr.Donald Trump!He's on target.Lets see wht transpires btwn Al Sharpton &amp; Amy Pascal.
   glad you're a part of foxandfriends!
   Listening to you now. you are great.
  great at explaining the ignorance of Obama anti-America administration on !  
   Amy is a SAP!! Sharpton loves Suckers like Her! True
  A much needed Trump/West ticket. Opposite of our 'president'
 She should be terminated for being stupid. Best quote of the day from THE   
_J  you just made me laugh. The Sony women is stupid for calling Al Charlatan
  outstanding insight on Fox this morning 
I will be on  at 700 - in 10 minutes. HAVE A GREAT DAY ALL!
   No wonder Sony is doing so badly. Really stupid leadership that wants Al Sharpton to help. Watch him turn the tables on chief Amy Pascal.
Can you believe that Sony chief Amy Pascal wants to meet with Al Sharpton to seek forgiveness for her racial slurs. Al is laughing at her!
  In love with Trump Tower too! Clearly Tower built by man who is strong &amp; abel to serve as OUR PRESEDENT!
  I think you should be Barbara Walters' most fascinating person of 2014 I agree but have already been twice!
 The new  starts January 4th ... Please don't make us wait that long again.   in sunny  with LARGE Trump sign outside window.  _shanks   bought my favorite  building. New hotel coming in 2016 to   Old Post Office   That win will have massive ramifications for the next decade. A very bleak day for the  I agree!
The Jets should have let them score to get the number one draft pick
  I want to see  ! He has the best hair in the biz you know! His wife is  amazing too!
    America could sure use you in 2016
_Class  hey Donald...in love with Trump Tower on 5th avenue during the holidays!
 Anyone else like to see Trump in office? He's an American patriot with real experience and a huge stake in the economy!
  People with bachelor's degrees can't find jobs in . And Obama wants to bring in more immigrants.
 The  on the   I'd have to say that  has one of the best accounts on Twitter
   never thought I'd say this but Mr Trump ur right!
   You are awesome
 I don't want a party as My President
   Thank you!
  If America was under the threat of imminent attack
  is so Right about everything for SURE! Not olny is he smart he has BUSINESS EXPERENCE that makes good 
  when will you anounce your running for Presedent? Thousands MILLLIONS have baited breath we NEED you!
 . RT _Sports Tiger Woods  I'm Working for Donald Trump!     we've had 16 years of bad presidents..war terrorism
  he was th Very First one to warn people about Barack Hussein Obama &amp; people blamed him? Well
Some people spend an entire lifetime wondering if they made a difference in the world.The Marines don't have that problem.- Ronald Reagan
  is so right with everything he is saying run... Please run for president
Isn't it interesting that immediately after September 11th
_King  
When terrorists are beheading and executing American citizens in such a brutal way
  Donald
The terrorists cut off the heads of Americans and laugh
  Trump for PRESIDENT !!!!
  Congrats on  ! DonaldTrump must be proud !  Way to go 
 I AM GOING TO VOTE FOR  2016 BECAUSE WE NEED A LEADER WITH VISION!
  love how you speak your mind  Well
Trump

These Islamists chop Americans heads off and want to destroy us. We should be applauding the CIA
If America was under the threat of imminent attack
 My confirmation picture at First Presbyterian Church in Jamaica
   if he tells China where to go 
_Lady_Colors   He would be the very best of what this country needs today!
 Nothing more important for America to do then get it's house in ordure that means dump Obama PRONTO elect Mr.Trump ASAP! 
  I honestly can't wait forTrump to announce he is running for President - a strong no BS leader who will put America 1st
  Hitting the Ice over at  ! World Class!!
 This is the kind of atitude that made for the grate men in History Napolion Alexander the Great Richard ect DonaldTrumprules!
    You have the best staff.. it's always a pleasure doing events at your home Central Parks top locale  is open throughout the holidays. Our Skating School is excellent &amp; acclaimed Via  by  Trump ObamaCare Not Working for Business

Via  by  Trump heads to Iowa as '16 speculation rises Policy towards our enemies Hit them hard
Obama &amp; Democrat leaders did a great disservice by releasing the papers on torture. The world is laughing at usthey think we are fools!
I will miss  &amp; doing his show. He was always intriguing &amp; smart. You never knew what would happen   but he was fair!
Entrepreneurs Cover your bases. Know everything you can about what you're doing. Then go with your gut. Your instincts r there for a reason
Entrepreneurs  See yourself as victorious. Look at the solution
Entrepreneurs View any conflict as an opportunity. Being positive could lead you into a fortunate situation.
   Riding that tiger as we speak!  Great!
_Sallis  what is the completion date for the    Soon!
 MR. TRUMP
 I'll be the vp for  when he is president You would be better than what we have now!
  Saw the trailer for Apprentice... Bring it on!
  Mr Trump I always enjoy your calls to the Howard Stern show. When can we expect your next one? Soon!
 Let  run out country
  was in Chicago and saw your sign on your building. It looks great!!
 DonaldTrump. the new World Trade Center is probably target  for terrorists. That's the reason for the maximum security
  I agree! Durst is the worst!   Donald Trump for President.
Conde Nast made a big mistake going into the World Trade Center. The place is a total disaster
People are really unhappy with the endless security checks at the new World Trade Center. Durst is a terrible manager. Tenants furious!
Durst is a disaster at operating the new World Trade Center. It takes forever for workers or visitors to get in with impossible security.
Generals don't panic; then the troops never panic. - 
RomneyCare/ObamaCare architect Gruber apologized for his comments. He should apologize for the $2T monstrosity &amp; return all taxpayer money.
Via _United Donald Trump To Speak At The Iowa Freedom Summit in Des Moines on January 24th Via  by  Trump adds events to his Iowa trip next month Looking forward to being hosted &amp; interviewed next Monday by David Rubenstein at the  

ICYMI
  please run for president
 Why would Trump run for president? He likes to be able to get things done
   rock n roll back in the oval... Trump 2016...
 VOTE  for a no BS President and let's make America the greatest country again
  _0   Congratulations to you all!
   yes
_CENA2015  I would vote for you Mr Trump &amp; I don't even vote ...
 You RT'ing these is the equivalent to band's tweeting good reviews. Do you ever tire of patting yourself on the back?  No
 Looking forward to a great weekend   ...hearing outstanding things about this 
  In a NY minute!
  America needs a POTUS who builds Golf Courses not hangs out on them! Please become our next POTUS!
 AMERICA WILL COME ALIVE AGAIN
 First order of business for America is to  elect DonaldTrump. Next is make America strong again! And he is the man to do it!
_0 Awesome.  Australia is screening  12 Jan can't wait  
  already lowered the high gas prices next he will restore America's greatness! And no stupid windmills!!
 DonaldTrump for president! Give someone with the knowledge and power to change this country the chance! You'd have my vote!
  Donald Trump will make America Strong again! Like it used to be!  So true!
  Donald Trump will end poverty!
 The Strongest Leader in this World and Beyond is the Man who is a Forward thinker! MR.TRUMP For President in 2016!
 Want to see REAL change America? Get Donald in the White House and see a TRUE American businessman fix this economy!!!!
  is the man.  Thanks.
 Good idea. RT    Let's just put you in the white House now.
  _S Who needs sleep when your the one and only  ?
  for President in 2016
 If I could write one book in the next 5 years
_amber Seriously if there is one person on earth who can save our country it is  ! Please run for president 
_S . your line in Home Alone 2 is my favorite part of the entire film
_boss Mr. Donald Trump for president we need a leader who is SMART for once  
  Let's just put you in the white House now.
  For president 2016!
  and  have drafted plans for a new championship golf course.
 Looking good in Vegas today     biggest turncoat of them all. We know what  is but JR pretends to be 
  where is the Leadership To Calm our senses as these protests continue? 
  partners with  on Dubai course set to open in 2017   RT   The Donald did it right at Trump National Doral. Beautiful course.   _Allreddd and you wonder why everyone wants you as President?
_munkres  for president 
President Obama
 It feels good working overtime &amp; knowing your next check is gonna make you feel like Donald Trump for a day.   Cute!
_HB Lunch w Donald Trump  New York National Dealmaking. Really good.
_paygee Donald Trump will forever be the best mac miller song..
 Donald Trump by Mac Miller never gets old to me 
 watching Home Alone 2 on AMC
  vote  2016
_Allreddd Well said      no one could run our country better &lt;3
Via  by   to design Trump course in Dubai Glad to see RomneyCare/ObamaCare architect Gruber being eviscerated on the Hill today. He should return all taxpayer money he was paid.
ObamaCare continues to increase insurance premiums &amp; raise record deductibles. New Congress must use every tool to defund.
Very sad &amp; dangerous that soon to be ex-Intelligence Chair Dianne Feinstein released the CIA report. Glad she is losing her Comm. Chair.
The longer you play
With imposing dunes on the rugged Aberdeenshire coastline
Via  by _corsi Donald Trump Obamas Jobless Figures Phony. Economists agree.

 Announces  to Create Golf Course for Trump World Golf Club Dubai We're missing a lot of information on autism. Support ' project by visiting mss.ng 
   I'm so excited for this upcoming season of . This looks like it's going to be amazing
    You are the soul of NYC. Thank you!
  Can't wait for Celeb Apprentice 7!!!   to design 18 hole course at     can't wait to visit... A fantastic place!
 I don't care what  says
  Run Donald you've mastered everything else in life now the white house awaits!
  so excited for  Looks like a great group of people!!
  YES MR. TRUMP YOUR A SHOE IN TO WIN. RUN DONALD RUN
   You are and always will be the man! Please run!
 When all is said &amp; done we need a smart man
  Wow
Sorry
  You are a rockstar! No
   This war with  is halarious.  keeps roasting her She starts
   I can't believe they haven't fired Rosie yet. They will
. is great
    YOU HAVE MY VOTE DONALD
  Biggest mistake of 2014 was ABC rehiring 
   Rosie just sucks the life and intelligence out of everywhere she goes. 
   Very NICE!!
  Great job today on 
   TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT!
  The View was terrible today. I feel sad for ABC!  Rosie killed what was once a very good show - no ratings!
  The Nick Saban of business!!
 Serious today..had to break out the  tie for this deal today.. Thank you  for your fantastic review of The Blue Monster at Trump National Doral - BEST U.S. RESORT RENOVATION - &amp; ALL TIME
Wow
 2016 gotta happen 
Our country and our leaders are getting dumber all the time. Now they are about to release full documentation on torture. Will destroy CIA
Obama opposes sanctions on Iran When you have exhausted all possibilities
Congratulations to  on a decisive win this past Saturday. Bill will be a pro-growth &amp; pro-energy Senator.
The CIA report should not be released. Puts our agents &amp; military overseas in danger. A propaganda tool for our enemies.
Via  by Nick Ricko 
Congratulations to  for being named one of the Best of +VIP Access hotels for 2014 by !Home of  
On schedule for 2016 completion 's 57 story twisting tower will be the icon of Vancouvers skyline   torture tactics documents be released?  weighs in  We are spending the day at the  and look forward to the keynote presentation from   Great!
 I went to Doral over the holidays
They should close down Rolling Stone Magazine after the phony rape charge story. University of Virginia should sue them for big bucks!
I'll be on  this morning at 700. So much to talk about!
  We need  to be President
     WHAT???? No Gary Busey?? Love the show! I'm sure it'll be great!!
_master12  would get my vote for president any day!!! 
  
  Mr. Trump do you know how sad it's to have a POTUS that ignored remembrance of Pearl Harbor?So un patriotic
 __Marx Can't wait to see  run for president and win  
  I can't wait to watch you on  tomorrow. I'm sure you have some wise thoughts about 
  Entrepreneurs Believe in yourself! If you don't
  is back! Here's a preview w/ 
    It's about time the date was announced! I love this show! 
     best reality show on tv
_08  for President!!!!
   Ur a smart lady.Hope  bcomes POTUS.Know he's busy
  booked  for  ?? I have to watch this!!  .
_diehl34 The next celebrity apprentice cast is   True!
_Roy0317 The Celebrity Apprentice is back January 4th and I can't wait to see  pick people apart in the boardroom.
 FINALLY  returns!  rescues the winter TV schedule. Our house never misses it. Great!
't wait to meet! DonaldTrump will deliver keynote  NY National Deal Making Conference on Dec 8.  Great day at Trump National Charlotte. Loved the renovations.   My biggest hero will forever be   Thank you.
     Best show on television
_R_2014     Looks like a great cast. The show is incredible. Can't wait!
    I can't wait to watch the show! January 4th.
_R_2014 I will step over them to buy a  tie.
  please run for president !!! So many clueless people in leadership roles that have no business being there !!
  hey Donald - where can I purchase a  campaign shirt? Any details soon?
   when is the new season starting? I can't wait any longer.... January 4th
Entrepreneurs Believe in yourself! If you don't
Entrepreneurs You have to have passion. If you love your work
I never gave anybody hell! I just told the truth and they thought it was hell.  Harry S. Truman
 With James Lipton on the set of  Failure has a thousand explanations. Success doesn't need one. - Alec Guinness
Obama is giving Social Security &amp; ObamaCare to illegals
Looking forward to speaking at prestigious  on December 15th . by  Donald Trump Tells Why He's Eyeing the White House.I'll Tell You Why He Could Win. Via NYTimes
  just rocked trump collection for interview. Great shirts Thanks.
_9 If Donald Trump ran for president
 The Donald did it right at Trump National Doral. Beautiful course.  RT  The weak jokers who so badly hurt great Penn State University should have fought the NCAA
     Donald trump always gets it right! Brandiglanville is awesome.
 saw the iconic DonaldTrump while watching  and he looks exactly the same 22 years later! What's in the NY water?
   Donald Trump would be an amazing president because he's not gonna sugar coat anything. 
  just set my DVR to record Celebrity Apprentice Jan. 4 Don't want to miss a second!! Great.
  Reading an all time favorite TRUMP The Art of The Deal! A must read!
 The best advice you can get in a book! Trump The Art of the Deal You cant wear a blindfold in business. A regular part of your day should be devoted to expanding your horizons.  Trump How to Get Rich
Keep your focus global and you may very well find yourself ahead of the game.  Trump Never Give Up
Broken borders
State Department has not revoked a single passport of ISIS Americans Congress must pass a budget and hold Obama to it. No more continuing resolutions and no more excuses. Republicans soon hold both houses.
Ring in 2015 in downtown New Yorks most elite 5 Star hotel.  offers 46 luxurious stories of excellence With magnificent views
The cast of the new season of apprenticenbc. Premieres January 4th on NBC.  Finally get to watch one of my favorite shows again trailer looks good     Each excellent thing
     Now that he's a Lame Duck &amp; doesn't need your vote any longer the real OBAMA is out! True.
  was down in Doonbeg on sunday
  can't wait to see you on apprentice!!!  
  I think you should be Time's person of the year
  Yeah Please run for President
   for the love of the Rev Norman Vincent Peale. Do it!
  Donald Trump-2016-All the way
  you should definitely run for president and fix this country
  is the man America needs 
 Rosie &amp; Obama have something in common
  please
  I believe in America and I believe in you Mr.Trump! You will bring REAL (GOOD) change to America! 
 If  ran for president
  and I think  should run for president. Make it happen sir.
    trump would have my vote hands down
  _bunch then make our wishes come true and run for President!!!
_Legit  please run for president. Your the only one who can fix this mess Obama created I agree!
  would treat this country like a business and make us all prosper  But with heart!
   If Trump were nominee in 2012
      Love to hear those two little words ring through the halls of the White House You're Fired!
  -please-when does celebrity apprentice start????  January 4th.
 The Celeb Apprentice is the Best of Both Worlds...Real Business Lessons plus Very Entertaining Celebrity Stars! Can't Wait
_bunch  do you like the Make a Wish Foundation?  YES!
  your cameo in Home Alone 2 was some top notch stuff
   you got my vote
  awesome howard stern interview!
  I convince my teachers daily why you should run for president 
 So glad I'm able to vote now
   Don't you think you are exactly what the U.S. needs?!?! Yes!
__Patrol  _kruger1 _bollini  I can't wait 4 celeb apprentice
  please run for president
  I would like to support DT
_kruger1 _bollini  I can't wait for celeb apprentice
  first business book I ever read was The Art of the Deal as a high schooler in the 80s. Been a fan ever since
 I can't wait for  to announce that he's running for President
  is the only man fit to run our country. What a knack for politics and business
   me too! I'm such a big fan of  !!
_bollini  Ok
_MURPHY  your brand suits are my favorite ! So sharp looking ! Looking forward to when I can get another one .
_schinds I'd rather be golfing with 
  hi Donald! You're awesome
 . is the best! He's my favorite entrepreneur! Thank you.
 If I could meet anyone in the world I'd want to meet   
  as I watch the news Mr. Trump I'm thinking I hope America has had enough of clinton&amp;bush as potus
      High praise indeed.
_nall Why not take on the greatest challenge Donald Trump has ever faced
 Hey man you're a big role model and my birthday is tomorrow. Just wondering if I could get a birthday tweet. I admire you!
 Ok
   I can put politics aside for the sheer love I have for  - seriously!
  _Politics You would have my vote Donald Trump
   U should run for president and help us out of it
In the very least
Its Tuesday. How many more The View Execs will leak that they want  gone? Show is failing.
Yesterday our national debt topped a record $18T. Over 44% has accrued under Obama. A real mess.
Via  Real Estate Magnate Donald J. Trump to Headline 2015  in West Des Moines
Via  by  Trump to speak at  in West Des Moines Brainpower is the ultimate leverage. Keep your focus intact!
Young entrepreneurs Your success is measured by results. Be productive in the face of challenges. Setbacks are not fatal.
Tickets are now available for the 2015  at 
So sad that Burt Reynolds has lost all of his money. I wish he came to me for advicehe would be rich as hell!
Via Newsmax. Nice article
Success is dependent on effort. - Sophocles
Lifestyle unveils Trump Home brand in GCC   Trump for President!! Make it happen
   _Politics Oh yes the next president of United States .My president Donald Trump . In 2016 .
  _2010      Miss ya too darling! Happy Holidays! TTYS;)
     awesome. Ill be watching. Kick some butt!
 Donald Trump by Mac Miller will forever be a great song
   _Politics I believe that too! Run
  can't wait to see the Apprentice - it's back finally On January 4th.
  _Politics Because you won't take crap from anyone who tries to hurt us
.Has anyone mentioned to  that Celebrity Apprentice is a brilliant concept?Celeb egos feed content. Masses eat it up!
 I can't wait for  to announce that he's running for President
 I can't believe they let her back on the view
_Lea_   True
 Mr.Trump
  please run in 2016 America needs a POTUS with balls to stop America from being a worldwide laughingstock.
 _Politics Say what you want about this  would not exist under President 
No surprise.  is failing on .Terrible ratings.Malcontent &amp; another season is out of the question _AHOLIC    you should put her on  just to fire her!  First night!
If ObamaCare should not be repealed then why has Obama &amp; Congress exempted their staffs?
Obama is community organizing from the Oval Office on Ferguson today. More riots sure to follow.
Via  by  to stay at Trumps hotel for '17 inauguration?Pick the next POTUS. Congress greatest card against Obama is the power of the purse. Use it!
Now Obama is keeping our soldiers in Afghanistan for at least another year. He is losing two wars simultaneously.
 _REPORT   should replace  on The View. -) Well
  cameo performance just made Home Alone 2 my favorite christmas movie  Thanks.
. Dont let  speak badly of you or try to bring you down. She is rude
Congratulations to  on quickly repairing the Lasker Rink. Record skaters this past Thanksgiving!
  wasn't even a short term fix at The View.   needs to rest and relax. It's not working. Rosie ODonnell went after me again on The View in order to stir up her failing ratings. Nothing will help her always fails.
Ratings way down
Just as I predicted  would fail on The View- THE U.S.G.A. Boy's Junior Champion at Trump National Golf Club
  Obama's first meeting after midterm loss was  Continued divisive agenda takes eyes off failures.
 Love listening to  on  it's the perfect start to my morning &amp; week!
  We need a president who doesn't take any (crap) from anybody!!! 
__   he's a str8 foward guy &amp; does things the way it's needed to be done
_Lea_  you'd win the south 
 have a trumptastic monday!!  _Keady You are a Real life superhero and i believe you will be bring this great country where it needs to go 
_eaton12  Mr Trump-thank you for being most responsible for the decreasing gas costs! 
__  for president
 Great article in Met Golfer this month on the development of Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point    The American dream is alive and well good interview on  this AM  
__  is a real individual 
I will be on  at 700 A.M.  Enjoy!
  You can never be wrong if you vote for MR. TRUMP in 2016! He is the RIGHT MAN for President! Happy Sunday!
Bill Cosby is foolish
  Mr Trump we had the honor of visiting your beautiful tower in Chicago You own a grand building sir! Thank
   right on Donald can't be bought like the rest of them!
 Mr Trump we had the honor of visiting your beautiful tower in Chicago You own a grand building sir! _Miracle  please run for President. You would be a wonderful leader Thank you!
  Hope to see you back in Doonbeg as President of USA
   It should be locker 
 only  can get the economy back on track
  Donald Trump for president
   hopefully he will run for 2016 elections Stay tuned!
  found your locker at Trump National. We had an awesome time.   Yeah gasoline prices are on their way down since  started making threats &amp; demands of OPEC &amp; others.
  run for prez the country needs you!
  is the only potential Presidential candidate who has been demanding and threatening to get lower oil &amp; gas prices.
 OMG OMG OMG  just RTd meee! Yay! I sooo admire him. I cant wait for him to be MY Presedent!!! 
   Oh yes the next President of the United States .My president Donald Trump . In 2016 .
  We can do it with you leading us. TRUMP 2016
  I think you are responsible for lower gas prices
 Perfect moment with an inspiring . Thank you Mr Trump )   Me with Don and Sarah. We went out for pizza that night. Remember .   Some nights I think to myself that its a darn shame Mr. Trump isnt in office
  Trump 2016!
  please tell me you are at least considering running for President.. Please please please.  I am!
  I can't wait to see Trump 2016 all over the news! 
  we all love you in Australia. Visit us when youre President. A great place!
     Donald Real Deal Trump. I've been calling him that for years!!!!
_HAN  I am over career politicians
  we all love you in Mexico Donald! You are our role model!!  Thanks!
 Donald Trump for president! 
 Donald Trump for president 
   When is your announcement that you aren't going to run scheduled to be made?  Stay tuned!
    Can there be any doubt that MR.TRUMP is THE REAL DEAL!  Thank you!
   Awwww
 RT  Great news from IrelandClare County Council turned down massive windfarm near my hotel So smart!
_minga  you're a genius! Thank you
  Now that is a combo..he needs ride along RT  Got to meet the man Donald Trump.   Donald Trump by Mac Miller will forever be a great song Many agree!
 on this joyous holiday I am thankful to  for being the bright light that guides America home
    Trump should be the next president of the US. Guy is a genius!
Happy Thanksgiving - I hope everyone can get together to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! It won't be easy
  continue to inspire young entrepreneurs such as myself!
  for president in 2016 !!
_Shady2o3  you should run for president Donald. You would make one hell of a president!
. Thank you! 's
 If billionaire  once became  president he'll make  best ever n rule lk beyond expectation! 
_ExtFitness  _laura21 
  This nation will be on the right track once I see your name on the presidential ballot.  Thanks.
 The Carter Family Thanksgiving will be a bit happier as Obama officially becomes the worst President in history.
Great write-up on  about our new Executive Sous Chef Sydney Jones  Find something for everyone on your list with this Holiday Gift Guide from 
  I think you would be an awesome leader for the country!
  PLEASE WIN PRESIDENCY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
   Make it happen
_MostDope  I am definitely voting for this man right here 
  _laura21 As a former Fortune 100 Senior Executive
 have a dream that one day I'll be able to tell my children the story of you taking office &amp; fixing this country 
  _laura21 YES! He's our man for the next President. SURE
_laura21 Seriously
_7  I look forward to seeing your name on the next presidential ballot.
 All the latest on  's plans to transform Trump Turnberry into the finest resort in the world. In today's 
 Only way I'm registering to vote is if  runs for president
 I'm tired of having a president without a spine. I'm so ready to call  
   yes!! More people gonna vote 
  trump 2016! we need you in office
   yeah true
  has my first presidential vote if he runs in 2016 !
  you're up at 5 am and you're awake at 1am. How do you have so much energy? Seriously!? Good genes!
   it's by far my favorite Mac Miller song. Can't beat Donald Trump
  2k16 man
  if you run for president you'll make our country great again I agree
 Why is it almost every person I know thinks that Mac Miller's only song is Donald Trump and then he disappeared... True!
  I have been in your hotel
There is nothing  did not think about for the holidays -  dives in Congrats  for being named  Best Business Hotel in Chicago in 's 2014 World's Best Congratulations to  for being named  Best Business Hotel in NYC in 's 2014 World's Best Business Hotels.
President Obama has absolutely no control (or respect) over the African American community-they have fared so poorly under his presidency.
If you love it
Who is the moron who decided to release the Ferguson grand jury findings after 900 o'clock in the evening. What were they thinking?
Our country is totally fractured and
Sadly
As China and the rest of the World continue to rip off the U.S. economically
Can you imagine what Putin and all of our friends and enemies throughout the world are saying about the U.S. as they watch the Ferguson riot
If the decision by the grand jury in Ferguson was the exact opposite
Despite having a black president
 This is why we need  in office.  doesn't know how to keep order
_Akbarzai1    can't wait for you to take over this country and rebuild what Obama destroyed
_Mellette  for president 2k16
Why would they announce a finding of the grand jury in Ferguson at 900 in the evening - a prime time for riots! Not smart.
Iran and the United States just pushed deadline back SEVEN MONTHS on working out a nuclear deal. Iran is tapping along our bad negotiators!
ISIS is starting its own currency. May be stronger than the dollar if ObamaCare is fully implemented.
There is no excuse for riots in Ferguson regardless of the grand jury outcome.
Fact  Amnesty lowers wages and invites more lawlessness. Obama has unilaterally cancelled any chance of immigration reform.
Premiering on January 4th
Rated  as 1 of the top courses in the country
Via   by _wyman What All Hiring Managers Can Learn from Donald Trump

Congratulations to Chuck Hagel on one of the shortest tenures as Sec. of Defense. Another terrible appointee by Obama.
 Hagel quits- Great  travel and parade watching tips by  including an option

 . Cannot wait for the newest season of The Celebrity Apprentice!! I've been a huge fan since it started Great!
Defense Sec.Hagel has quit. Great news for our country. The guy didnt have a cluegrossly outmatched by our enemies. Couldn't even speak
  you will always be one of my idols!! Thank you.
   The next president of United States .My president Donald Trump . In 2016 .
 I might not always agree w/ everything he says
 Obama comes to Australia and makes a speech against our PM at a time we're fighting together in Iraq. Run please!
   The next president of United States .My president Donald Trump . In 2016 .
   I can't wait Donald
  u should be president
. Trump
  Good Morning Mr. Trump! Your comment's were dead on this a.m. on F&amp;F
   I truly wish Mr. Trump the best he's Awesome!&amp; Very Cool. So Smart. Trump 4 President yeah!
I will be on  at 700 - there is much to talk about (sadly)!  Enjoy!
     We would have the best economy in the world with him as President! True!
  has got my vote
  The Art of The Deal is on my Christmas list. Let's hope I get it.
  run for president pleaseeee
     He sure is more than qualified to be President.
  for president
  _lyann   Mr. Trump is a wonderful man &amp; more Presidential than the Fraud-in-Chief now.
    a billionaire president. Now that's something I'd like to see! 
   Trump would be  1 however he has his plate full so unfortunately I do not think so Just watch!
  you are a  decent man &amp; true to your word. America needs you mr Trump. Plz run for president.
_lyann DonaldTrump   Does Donald Trump want to be president? looks like he is getting lots of votes already
   Guys Trump is busy running the Trump brand he is not going to take a step down as President. Watch
   Mister Trump please run for president this country needs you badly and I would vote for you in a heart beat.
_Smrekar  how much did you enjoy hosting NASCAR?  They are great people.
  Such a nice Guy. Such a perfect Leader . I want to see you in the White House !! Mr.Pesident D.Trump. Thanks
   So true! Hope for Trump 2016.
  are you running for President? You have my vote
 Why do people think that  is going to run for president in 2016?Because the country is a total mess right now
  We need you to bring common sense to Washington DC...in 2016
  I decided that I'll choose to live in the US when you are the president.  Good choice!
 PLZ Mr. Trump... if anyone can expose the  about  you can! How many more lies does  have to listen to?
  I bought your first book long ago for an aspiring developer
  IS A WINNER
Tom Brady played great today. He is a total champ and a really nice guy
 I follow  because he's a great entrepreneur. Can't get better than him. Thanks!
    Donald
  _rita39 I follow Mr. Trump in a crusade to get him to restore Western Civilization with a Trump/Palin '16 ticket!
  _rita39 there are a multitude of reasons to follow Mr Trump...Great American  Thank you!
_rita39 . I merely follow Mr Trump because he is a fascinating observation of power.
  Obama also fabricated his own birth certificate after being pressured to produce one by 
   great stay. It's the place to be in  Thanks for the .   The reason why I love You so much is because of how compassionate You are not because of who You are.
 In  we trust. Please run
  I don't usually shop at 's
  Success isn't permanent and failure isn't fatal.  Mike Ditka
Do you think the 14 African nations that are banning West Africans from coming into their nations are racist?
 Donald Trump for president 
   ~Nice view. But BETTER ONE would be You sitting in the Oval Office.
  IS A REAL AMERICAN AND HE KNOWS WHAT WE WANT. 
  Gosh you're an early riser. Is that why you get a lot done? It helps!
.  Aaron
 January 20th 2017 will be a Victorious Day in America MR. TRUMP if you run! For you will be sworn in as the 45th PRESIDENT!
 I have so much respect for  he took down Rosie. 
  best view in Chicago tonight _enteen Please run for president . This country needs you!  Thanks!
_danna  Mr. Trump
 Boys in the hood call me the black Donald Trump. Great!
_Gear  USA  Time to Get Tough Making America  Again by Donald Trump _com The DonaldTrump &amp; sites of his 5 career holes in one. (4 sites
 Triple H aka Donald Trump.     How did you keep your hair looking good over the decades? Wow
_israel  Are u running for president in 2016 or not?  We will soon see!
 I would love to see  on  Any shot of that??? Thanks
 The Donald preaches on golfs economic impact in US... Let's tell this story!    28.6 M non-golfers were interested in golf in 2013. The highest interest being expressed by  18 to 29 yrs old 
 Listening to  present  annual meeting. Great information great speaker   just stayed in Trump Chicago....by far the nicest hotel in Chicago. Absolutely amazing job! Great
Congratulations to Bill OBrien on being named the Republican Speaker of the NH House. Well-earned &amp; well-deserved. A great guy.
Be tough
Trump Tower Punta del Estes cylindrical tower redefines the essence of luxury. On the sands of Playa Brava Intellectuals solve problems
Via   by  Council sign rules mean Trump name will loom large on river

Entrepreneurs  Keep your momentum. Without momentum
Entrepreneurs  Problems are a mind exercise. Enjoy the challenge.
If you really want to succeed
They're going to riot in Ferguson no matter what.
You don't necessarily need the best location. What you need is the best deal.  The Art of the Deal
With multiple space options

Awarded 5 stars from 
If we do not protect the rule of law then we can expect even more illegals to cross the border. Obamas executive amnesty is dangerous.
Iraq should be paying us while we fight ISIS. Give the money to the families of our brave soldiers.
. Sorry sucker
New York Citys iconic architectural masterpiece  houses prime commercial
I enjoyed meeting with   to discuss why our government must address currency manipulation. Many US jobs are at stake.
Success in golf depends less on strength of body than upon strength of mind and character. - Arnold Palmer
The Trumping of Turnberry via Links Magazine   Repubs must not allow Pres Obama to subvert the Constitution of the US for his own benefit &amp; because he is unable to negotiate w/ Congress.
I am no fan of Bill Cosby but never-the-less some free advice - if you are innocent
Sneak peek of Trump's trio of spectacular new seaside holes on the famed Ailsa course/  _32  the haters are just jealous of your unbelievable success   Thank you.
If you dont publicize your successes
WATCH  WH official says that ObamaCare/RomneyCare architect Gruber was an important figure in crafting the law If you like your plan you keep it. = Gruber is just some adviser. Two of Obamas greatest lies told to the American public.
Open for the 2014 season
Get in. Get it done. Get it done right. Get out.  Fred C. Trump (My father!)
Via   Think pink in the boardroom.

For those that constantly say that global warming is now climate changethey changed the name. The name global warming wasnt working
Power Lunching next to the    What is the best advice you could give to a young entrepreneur
  can Obama salvage his presidency by going to Ferguson and bringing peace?  No!
 DonaldTrump  Donald Trump helped out more than Obama did with   The 25K check was a wonderful gesture.
 Protect Ya Neck. Wear  ties.   I've got to tell you
 sent me check for $25k payable to -I forwarded check; THANK U DONALD TRUMP! very kind  DonaldTrump when will you next appear on television? I am very interested in your opinion of the current NYC real-estate market
  you're the man Mr. Trump
  Trump is so important
There are many Jonathan Gruber types selling the global warming stuff - and they really do believe the American public is stupid.
Entrepreneurs always remember that deals are fluid. Terms are always negotiable and time can be the best option for success.
The  campaign from   The true competitors are the ones who always play to win.  Tom Brady 
ObamaCare will continue to stop entrepreneurship
Remember that some things are worth waiting for. Plans can change
Watch  Obama in 2006 Ive stolen ideas from Jonathan Gruber At least ObamaCare/RomneyCare architect Gruber admitted
Via  by  Obamas Amnesty Will Give Illegal Aliens Public Benefits

Located in Central Park
ICYMI

   just back from a fabulous 2 days in doonbeg. What a hotel !!  Thanks. Congratulations to   for being honored with a  two-star rating again this year!
Chicago
Just like Jonathan Gruber viciously lied &amp; called Americans stupid on ObamaCare
  played   on Sunday what a gorgeous course you're doing GREAT things there   Thanks.
Looking for an excuse not to cook for Thanksgiving? Many NYC outlets will delivery a full meal
Obamas China climate deal binds America with language of will curb emissions now while China only intends to curb in 2030. Bad deal!
How to travel like a billionaire! Inside Donald Trump's 63m private jet ObamaCare/RomneyCare architect Gruber was paid over $6M with our tax dollars yet Obama only claims he was some adviser.
Deportations are now at a record low. Obama manipulated the numbers to lie to the public that they were at a record high. Secure the border!
Via  by  In NH
My  Close Up int. with  discussing the midterms
   you have my support..... 100% I hope you run 2016
  You are exactly what America needs going forward! MR. TRUMP for President in 2016 is a SMART BET!
   You'd be a winning candidate for an America starved for direct honest leadership in 2016-run!
I will be on   in ten minutes - enjoy!
_mc  _14 I truly hope Trump runs ! It would be simply fantastic ! Do it DT - do it Plz .
  Looking forward to it.You need a permanent position there.  They would like that big league - but I have no time!
_14 If Donald Trump ran for president
  so much for Al Gores theory??? 
   RUN DONALD RUN
The entire country is  FREEZING - we desperately need a heavy dose of global warming
I will be on   tomorrow morning at 7.00. Will be talking about sleazebag Jonathan Gruber (Americans are stupid) &amp; exec order
. .  We do not do the maintenance on Lasker Rink
  You Are A Financial Genius   I agree
 Sad cause my wife &amp; I checked out of  today after 4 amazing days. Happy cause we're planning our return visit!
So Obama's top people responsible for ObamaCare think the American Public is stupid! All based on lies and deception! Repubs should sue.
 Lovely lunch today   fantastic hotel   scottish Thank you!
Looking forward to addressing  on December 15th at the Marriot Marquis Washington
Via  by  Trump Waiting to See Who Runs in 2016

Success isn't permanent and failure isn't fatal.  Mike Ditka
  A Brand New Championship Golf Course In NYC Developed By Donald Trump- And Anyone Can Play It    Donald..I met your dad when I was in college..very nice guy
Donald Trump pledges to make Prestwick Airport 'really successful'

  after playing the new course in Aberdeen and loved it my wife taking me to Turnberry for a birthday present on Monday Great!
  is a great place. I just spent the weekend there &amp; the place
Left New Hampshire for Turnberry in Scotland
I really enjoyed being in New Hampshire &amp; speaking for Joe McQuaid  &amp; the Nackey Loeb School  honoring James Foley.
Via  by _JVF Donald Trump guest speaker at event honoring James Foley Via Union Leader Trump leads tribute for slain journalist James Foley | New Hampshire First Amendment Awards

Entrepreneurs Set the bar high. Do the best you possibly can. Apply your skills and talent
Entrepreneurs Set the example. You can motivate others as well as yourself by remembering you are setting the example.
Entrepreneurs See yourself as victorious. Look at the solution
Obamas attack  on the internet is another top down power grab. Net neutrality is the Fairness Doctrine. Will target conservative media.
Live Free or Die.  motto of New Hampshire
Flying to New Hampshire to keynote the  First Amendment Award Ceremony. Always great to visit the Granite State!
Press Conference at Glasgow Prestwick Airport this Friday Nov. 14 at 11 AM with Donald J. Trump &amp; Mr. Iain Cochrane Congratulations to  for being named one of 's Great Destinations Congrats _GeorgesNYC for being named the 6th best hotel restaurant in the world!   NYC Deal Making Announces Speaker Lineup inc keynote by  |   Sends $25
 Donald Trump Sends $25
   _st Trump is an American Capitalist who actually CARES about Americans! Thank you
 ! Congrats 's  on your Chef of the Year nom in  Eater Awards   Great point on the Obamacare siteThanks for keeping it top-of-mind. Your gifted insights bless America!
  visited  over the weekend. Very impressive and we will be going back soon!
Looking forward to seeing Joe McQuaid
Today is . Let us be thankful for our nations finest who fight at all corners of the earth to protect our freedoms.
Congrats 's  on your Chef of the Year nom in  Annual Eater Awards- Vote now! If you can accept losing
The ObamaCare website still is not complete. $5 billion and no progress. Scary and sad!
Looking forward to keynoting the Nackey S. Loeb School of Communications First Amendment Awards event tomorrow in New Hampshire.
Thanks for all of the nice tweets re Sgt. Tahmooressi. Especially nice that the money will be sent today
Via    returns to reality TV with Donald Trump

My  int. discussing $25
Via _com by  Trump Calls Election a Big Blow to Obama I Think Hes in Denial Exceptional dining matched with exceptional views
Happy  to all.  And it is nice to have Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi back home.
The only source of knowledge is experience.  Albert Einstein
Congratulations to  &amp;  for winning control of the State House &amp; Executive Council while holding State Senate. Strong results!
It is my great honor to send $25
A single Ebola carrier infects 2 others at a minimum. STOP THE FLIGHTS! NO VISAS FROM EBOLA STRICKEN COUNTRIES!
Happy 5th Anniversary to &lt;Each and every new event space at  looks stunning. See the transformation for yourself     I am ready to stay at ANY Trump hotel!!! 
  for president!!!!
    Trump Tower in Toronto still the best!
 .'s location &amp; modern rooms make visitors feel like they're livin' the good life  A spacious hotel room is a rarity in NYC. Just one of the perks of staying   This  hotel trumps many Honolulu hotels with its excellent customer service + beautiful setting.
    Donald is powerful because his silence cannot be bought &amp; he doesn't carry water for anyone
Via  Best New York City Hotels    haha I don't even live in America but it would be awesome to see you president lol.
_ROB_33  for president 2016
    As long as Ivanka is involved in his cabinet I'm in. 
 All about trump for president 
  if you run you have my vote on top of that Rand Paul gets to be vice president
 We need less  and  and  and more  True!
  Your dad is awesome. He should run for President. He could raise the country like he raised his kids and WOW.
 Children not spoiled celebrities. Who did something right? You did! No entitlement mentality. 
   love strong powerful man who has a voice as important as the pompous ass in the white house
 One of my goals in life is to eventually do business with 
 'Trumping' the competition!Every midterm candidate with  robocall won.     Love u on . You always make me smile.
  enjoy dear Donald
. in five minutes.  Enjoy!
 If Ronald Reagan and JFK were alive
   great
  Donald Trump is self-made
  Donald
  You are doing a great job Heather!
 If  ran for President i would vote for him!
  big fan
 1st time staying at a Trump resort was awesome! Thanks for such impeccable service!    PLEASE RUN FOR PRESIDENT. SAVE OUR COUNTRY.
   excellent- we'll expect a nuanced and interesting geopolitical discussion- you're the go-to-guy for sense..
  tele-prompter president when will we stop electing presidents whose singular most important quality is reading a TP
   please run for president!
I will be doing  at 8.00 a.m.
  I am from Jackson
  Definitely the star of Chicago's skyline show! Loved visiting from Toronto!   for president 2016
 _U_see_2020   I feel our country is falling apart by the day
  IS THE MAN WE NEED COME 2016 PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION!!!!! !!!!
 Dec 11  will honor me for my  efforts at DonaldTrump's home  Awareness _dwain  please run Mr. Trump. If anyone can save this country
  Please run
 I think your building makes for an excellent photo backdrop     whether you run or not
_Media Donald Trump Taking 'Serious Look' at 2016 Presidential Run  The  +  impersonating Donald Trump = Radio Gold.  So funny.  The  +  impersonating Donald Trump = Radio Gold.   _Scotcher  ~If Presidential election were today
  you're my hero. Run for president.
  Wow
   Great couple of days at the resort. First class!    Another beautiful round at    thanks    Yes
   America needs Your Leadership NOW more than ever Mr. Trump.
Remember
 It feels like I've been waiting for the  FOREVER!!!!!! I'm so happy and ready for this season 
 I am reading The Art of the Deal by  . I should have read it a long time ago. A must read of must reads.
_Scotcher   amazing day at Trump Links
Do not go back into Iraq unless they agree
We spent TWO TRILLION DOLLARS in Iraq and got NOTHING. Now we are going back and will again get NOTHING because our leaders are clueless!
We are now sending thousands of additional troops to Iraq to teach them how to fight - they will run
 Early morning moonset in Pacific Ocean  Trump Golf LA in Rancho Palos Verdes   Teen Kids News covering the red carpet at the   Can't wait until January!   Ive made a mistake putting my 9yo up at the Trump Hotel Central Park.  She doesnt want to go home now.
   nice feature on .  You're awesome.  Thanks.
   impression of  is my favorite of his. Beyond funny on  this morning.
We should immediately stop sending our beautiful American tax dollars to countries that hate us and laugh at our Presidents stupidity!
Autism Speaks' Bob and Suzanne Wright will address the Pontifical Council on Health Care Workers at the Vatican in Rome. November 20-22
   Because he's a genius and always right. Enough said.
  I would vote for you! You could run this country to success!
  you're ties are fantastic
  When are you going to put your cape on and come save this country??? We need you!!!
   Thank you both for appearing on  making my ride into work this morning so enjoyable.
  ill help bring home Ohio Mr Future President Love it!
  you're the only person who has any clue about our government! 
   You're really on fire? Amazing. There is a god...
_        Run Donald
  your on fire this morning.. too bad your not the prez.. ;) I agree!
  Good morning Big Guy... Here's hoping we both make a bundle of money today.  )
    that segment was awesome. On all sides. Great start for my day
    That was very well done! Thanks for a good laugh to start the day!
    Outstanding. Maybe Frank could do  someday. And Mr. Trump is a good sport.
 Awesome bit on  with  and  ! Funny stuff!
  Dear Donald
    
    love Frank he's so gooooood! what a great start on friday. Thanks!
    Great segment! Ty for the laughs
   just awesome!
    I missed it!!  when's the replay!!   9.00 a.m. ESPN.
.   I will be on the Mike &amp; Mike Show at 7.05 a.m. (ESPN) - 10 minutes. Will be fun
   plus Golic apologies to Bill. Great show line up.
 I really want to hear  say You're fired to Reid and Pelosi.
_JAD  - you would rock the house as Prez! 
   We need your kind of honesty desperately. Please get into the presidential race.
   your interview was great
   Seriously think  would be an awesome president.
    you're a brilliant man always speaking of reform
   Trump would make a very
  you're right! This country is falling apart!! We need a strong leader!! One that will take no B.S.
  I believe that's you!! You'll have my family's vote should you run!!
   played there recently and loved it. Great
_naamahah _i_am Dreams don't come true visions do
  Carson..Great SG or HHS
 Seriously think  would be an awesome president.
 DonaldTrump last year my premiums went up 46%
   Love to see Pine Hill
Watch this video of my wonderful golf club  in beautiful Colts Neck
  you're a brilliant man always speaking of reform
 You are a Great Man Mr. Trump. Your words of wisdom get me through the day. You could make our nation great again. 
 Babe Ruth would have hated you
   Donald..run for president plezzzzzzzz
. Look forward to watching Greta's interview tonight at 7.00 p.m. with Marine Andrew Tahmooressi. 
You just can't beat the person who never gives up.  Babe Ruth
Via  by Joe McCarthy Trump Collection leverages 2016 election frenzy for Washington debut Why did  have to fill out 3 successive ballots on Election Day? And this is our A.G.
Via   by  Buzz builds for 

My  int. with  on 
Via  Donald Trump Sounds Off on Joan Rivers' Death I Think The Doctors Made a Terrible Mistake Fact  every successful GOP Senate candidate just elected ran on repealing ObamaCare. In January
Via _Media by  Donald Trump Taking 'Serious Look' at 2016 Presidential Run The new Congress must restore military spending &amp; stop Obama budget cuts. Also
 You were great on The Apprentice! Congrats on your Big CMA win. I promise I won't take credit for your successful career!
  you would definately have my vote!
  I hope all the R's will stay strong and stand up to O..we need closed bdrs
  Its time The world is ready for your leadership
  for President. Please
_G  !
  Donald Trump is ruthless. His presidency will make people sweat
  can't wait for you to take over this country and rebuild what Obama destroyed
  endorsed  early on and he pulled off a real upset - Sounds like  just gained a few points
 4 days till   YeeeHa!!!! Can't Wait!!
  Now that Republicans are dominating The House
   here's a screenshot of my iphone. please be prez
  looking very sharp sir    should honestly be our president...
 Now that Republicans are dominating The House
Obamas Amnesty Executive Order can now be stopped by Majority Leader McConnell with riders. Thats one reason we needed the Senate.
The Maryland Democrat Party attacked me with a racist flyer.  won
I recorded robo calls for 
Yesterday was a referendum on ObamaCare &amp; all other Obama fiascos. Republicans can now rein him in.
Obama has now had two record &amp; historic midterm losses. There is Hope &amp; Change for America.
Via  TRUMP HOTEL COLLECTION Announces Trump International Hotel &amp; Tower Baku Congratulations to  who has now lost a statewide election in Florida as a Republican
Via  Joan Rivers' last work for  will run on two shows next season
 Had  asked me to do a robo call for him
 Make our country great again! The weak jokers who so badly hurt great Penn State University should have fought the NCAA instead of making a deal- ._Mitch   Fantastic win
  What a great night for the good guys. I'm worried about Obama using executive power to pass immigration law
  Which means President Trump !
_tahlz Can't wait for the new season of  its gonna be epic!! Great cast selection 
A really bad night for President Obama. Now the Republicans have to get together and get the job done!
. Amazing race
One year ago I started calling President Obama INCOMPETENT and people thought it was too tough.     Tonight everyone is using that    word!
Looking like a really big night for Republicans - a tremendous refutation of President Obama and his failed policies!
  Well Sir I am ready to get on the Trump 2016 campaign trail 
 Something tells me a DonaldTrump announcement on If he will/won't run in 2016 will come at season/series final of CA
  _Entertain   Well
  Sir...I respectfully request that you save America and run for President.
 It's been way too long! Looking forward to starting the new year with you back on TV! Love . I can't wait!
_grayson Can't wait to see  on celebrity apprentice hosted by 
 Excited to hear that Jonny Damon will be back on my TV! Thanks !! 
 I must say that anything Donald says or promotes makes a huge impact on a lot of people's decisions. Smart man!
  so when are you going to start campaigning?  Stay tuned!
_jeb Just ordered The Art of the Deal by . Can't wait to read it  Great.
._Mitch  Congratulations Mitch!
  destroying  as only he can    I'd vote for Donald ! OH yeah
_U_see_2020   I feel our country is falling apart by the day
.  Great job on The Five tonight
_Entertain  s new Celebrity Apprentice will have 
 If I write you in under every race
  can't wait for The Apprentice to be back 
   with  hosting some - absolutely! cannot wait!! thanks 
  umm when does  start?! My girl Vivica A Fox is guna be on it so im def watchin!!
  Grab your popcorn
  what do I have to do to get u to run for president  Just hang in there!
 Most brilliant casting in the history of TV Gilbert Gottfried on Celebrity Apprentice. 
 Hey 
Good luck to . You will make a wonderful Senator.
Today will be a big day _Mitch for you in many ways. The country is lucky.
This seasons cast of   brings excitement to the Board Room. Lots of surprises &amp; great tasks. Enjoy  Jan. 4th!
Today the Democrats lose big. But tomorrow the Republicans must communicate a positive pro-growth agenda.
Via  by  Donald Trump reveals new  cast
Today is referendum on ObamaCare

Via _Media by  Trump GOP on Edge of Winning 'Big' and Forcing Obama to Act Congratulations to  on running an aggressive &amp; fair campaign. Vote for Scott today New Hampshire!
My  int. with  announcing the January 4th premiere &amp; cast of the 14th season of 

Photos from the  press conference- Watch to see the new cast of -    Apprentice is awesome
  Trump National Palos Verdes...    _noah530 Just bought  The Art of The Deal. Can't wait to read this  Great!
 If  ran for president he would have my vote!
 Very excited for  and  wedding this weekend.
Via   Obamas Border Policy Fueled Epidemic
Via _Media  Obama 'Didn't Lift a Finger' to Help Free Marine in Mexican Prison   Going to invest in one of your books tomorrow! Which one would you recommend?  Start with The Art of the Deal.
A Veteran &amp; true Conservative
Congratulations to  and his team on running a great campaign. Steve is a strong leader in the House.
The prestigious 800-acre  boast luxurious event spaces and 5 Star restaurants  Via  Donald Trump calls Obama Israel's greatest enemy Via  by  Trump Obama Treats Our Known Enemies Much Better Than Israel

. Thx for the nice story . Look forward to showing you Trump Intl in Aberdeen in the spring &amp; Turnberry plans.
 _hodder My husband was upset. Trump ties &amp; shirts nowhere to be found i our local Macys! Go to   Awesome job as always! I love hearing what you have to say every week! 
   WHEW!!! The week is never the same if you don't do Mondays Donald!
   Won't miss it! Don't hold back
I will be doing  this morning at 8 (not 7).
    Blue Monster! The best course in south Florida
 Great vibe   .  Don't forget to watch Matt tomorrow on Morning Drive talking about The Blue Monster and Trump Doral. 
 Hates military. Tues
 You have influenced me to become an entrepreneur
  gets it right _hodder I added two new  ties to my collection  At Macy's
 Obama traded 5 low life's from Gitmo for a soldier who was considered a deserter
 Learning from THE man    RU at  watching   ?
    Our work group played The Doral last February. It is a magnificent course!Thanks
 believe you had a huge part in bringing our soldier out of Mexico. As the Mom of an Airman I thank you for your efforts.Thanks
. Nick
.   Matt will be talking about Trump National Doral tomorrow A.M. Terrific guy
Michelle Nunn will be a rubber stamp for Barack Obama. - . GOTV for David this Tuesday!
Obama/Reid/Nunn's failed economic policies are not working.  will bring fresh perspective to solving problems. 
Strong debate by . No question he won. We need more business leaders with bold vision to fix Washington. 
Wow
  for president  
  Strange how Obama was such a great speaker before his election &amp; simply carried on only speaking &amp; no doing.
  President Trump has a nice ring to it.
_15  I'm currently 16 years old. I'll be eligible to vote next election. Fix Obama's mess and run. You have my vote! 
 After watching  w/  on it
 Donald trump for president 
  IF YOU RUN FOR PRESIDENCY
  thank you for Being a Great example of America Success story !!! Thank you
_ieysg  
 Just saw the  on Justice
      MR. Trump is a Class Act! THANK YOU.
. I try to learn from the past
_360    Great photo. I finished my round with a par. 18 strategically placed bunkers. Risk and reward.
 Brekkie and round of golf at the amazing  course. Great facilities !
     you are from the MacLeod Clan!!!! NO KIDDING AMAZING!
   I echo these words...RUN for the presidency!
    You were great Donald!
  PLEASE save our country
 I feel our country is falling apart by the day
 RT  Beautiful vista over 18th hole at  at Menie Estate. DonaldTrump   .. Thanks for the many nice statements and to the media and golf critics for the great reviews of the brand new BLUE MONSTER!
    I adore them both!!!!!!!!!!
   Trump
 Michael Jackson with Donald Trump  .  Tonight at  9 P.M. on  - ENJOY!
  the best Thanks.
    I watch your SHOW every sat nite!! Love YOU n show. Love  TOO
 THE  arrives for  interview. Catch it tonight on !        Only better! Thanks.
  please run for office. We can't have Hillary running this country even MORE downhill! We need a leader!
 When it takes this long to get a Marine back from a country where Americans vacation something is wrong.  
      bet trump would be like reagan all over again! Nice!
  American RT  I want America to be the nation it once was  AMERICA
  run for office!
 Thank you for your dilignet effort in the publicizing of the jailed Marine Tahmooressi. Pathetic it didn't happen sooner.
  is who my vote will go to
  Mr. Trump for PRESIDENT
_Doelicious Save America! Vote for   !
  Amen
They finally let our Marine out of a Mexican prison
The five prisoners our government so stupidly released for one pathetic traitor are now fighting and killing for ISIS-BAD DEAL! Courtmarshal
Having a truly great imagination is often far more important than having even massive knowledge - but still
     no thanks to obama
_Gains  The world needs a strong US President
 Donald
_Mr_Sciales  pretty much saved a U.S. Marine from a Mexican prison on his own... Where was Obama on this one? Thanks
 How does Mr. Trump defended himself against the dirty name calling punks on here ? Move along ignorant uneducated punks .
  Sick!!! This country is going to shit! We need real people to run this country. So get moving!
_on_Green Andrew Tahmooressi has been freed by Mexico. Obama didn't do anything. But I think that  did.
Many of the released Guantanamo detainees are now fighting for ISIS and other enemy groups.We need proper leadership before it is too late!
  Canada to ban travel to Ebola hotspots   Mr. Trump 
_SmittyI don't know that much about Vladimir Putin
Crazy - Election officials saying that there is nothing stopping illegal immigrants from voting. This is very bad (unfair) for Republicans!
The achievements of an organization are the results of the combined effort of each individual.  Vince Lombardi
The Art of the Deal =  business book. Over 3 million copies sold. Forbes Article from Oct. 20
70 stories over Panama Bay
Next Tuesday
  on the set of  Awarded both  Five-Star &amp;  ratings
_95 Have you written anything torwards young adults/college students on how to be successful? Think Like a Champion is a good start
Happy Halloween! . Spa at Trump offers 12 treatment rooms &amp; 53 spa guestrooms overlooking the Chicago skyline You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else.  Albert Einstein
     You can't make a leader
 With my family growing up- I'm on the left.  Taking my 9yo to NYC next week for a father-daughter trip. I will take her to see Trump Tower.  Architecture done right.  Thx
Jeanne Shaheen was the deciding vote for ObamaCare. Premiums have skyrocketed 90% for New Hampshire. Send  to the Senate!
Mark Begich votes with Obama 97%. He opposes drilling &amp; supports Amnesty for illegals. Next Tuesday
My  int. w/ discussing Nickey S. Loeb 1st Amendment Awards Dinner &amp; 

Sitting at the foot of the Whitestone Bridge
Via _com by   Will Be One of Nation's Best Public Courses 

Chinese oil trader just bought record number of Mideast crude Via  on sale for Loeb School Event
Via  by _investor The Irreplaceable Brand Of Donald Trump Happy Birthday ! You are an amazing daughter!
 Quarantine the nurse! No person who is enthusiastic about his work has anything to fear from life.  Samuel Goldwyn
     If Trump runs in 2016
 Years ago T said if US removed Saddam Hussein from Iraq
    Trump would run the USA with heart .Trump is right about Mitt.
   great interview
 You were RIGHT as usual Mr. Trump! You called for Madison Bumgarner after game 6 and Giants are now World Champs!
 Reading  tweets is my guilty pleasure.
_com .'s Ferry Point in NYC will be one of the best public courses in the U.S.
I told you that the Giants starting Hudson was a mistake. Just got knocked out of the game. I love being right!
When you can't make them see the light
Conde Nast Traveler Readers' Choice Awards
Entrepreneurs Keep an open mind! Business is a creative endeavor. There are always opportunities and possibilities.
Entrepreneurs Look at the solution
Obama will quarantine all soldiers returning from Africa for 21 days. But he still allows all who contract Ebola into country? Hypocrite.
Obama admin. called  chickenshit. Ironic since Bibi was an IDF Special Forces commando while Obama was a community organizer.
Donald Trump Mitt Romney 'Blew It
Via _Media by  Donald Trump 'Morally Unfair' to Use Soldiers in Ebola Fight

Trump on Obama I never thought it would be this bad

Via   Donald Trump says it's morally unfair of Obama to send soldiers into Ebola hot zone My  interview  discussing Obamas failed presidency
Via  by  Trump Hotel Reflects Youthful
   Love this place. I'm a Trump resort traveler for life! Great and thanks.
In game 7 of the World Series tonight
Just out - the POLAR ICE CAPS are at an all time high
The U.S. rocket that blew-up and crashed yesterday is emblematic of the United States under Obama. Nothing works
  I agree with u. I was going to vote for u and I still am.
  no he shouldn't. But Donald Trump should. 
 In the end
 I agree with Donald Trump
_Thornton66 If you were to run for president
 Great interview tonight  . 
 You did say that when we leave bad guys will take the oil in Iraq.. ISIS controls a lot of it today. Good foresight.
 Donald Trump for president  
   he is the Reagan of this generation...if he ran. Wow
  Most of us know you would run the US with heart.   So true!
  great interview on 
   good interview. we definitely need more conservatives to speak up.
   I would vote for  for  any year.
   should be having  on (more)!
  Both Bush's were bad presidents. Why then-would Jeb Bush somehow be a great president? He wouldn't!
_ieysg  
   You
  Best episode of  I've seen in awhile. Thanks to your interview
  Donald would definitely get us out of the deep doo-doo &amp; debt BO has driven us into. He has common/economic sense.
  Please please please Donald Trump run for president. I have been saying this for a long time .you are awesome
 I tweet about sports
_SD    Nice segment sir....
    GODBLESS YOU MISTER  Thank you.
    GODBLESS YOU MISTER 
President Obama strongly considering a plan to bring non-U.S. citizens with Ebola to the United States for treatment. Now I know he's nuts!
Watch me on 's show at 10PM tonight on 
Success requires 100% of your focus and 100% of your effort. Don't sell yourself short.
Keep your momentum. Without momentum
Mark Udall was the deciding vote for ObamaCare &amp; now 250
John Foust is a liberal who supports ObamaCare and opposes Ebola travel ban. Send Conservative  to Congress!
I believe anybody who is not afraid to fail is a winner. - 
All the governors are already backing off of the Ebola quarantines. Bad decision that will lead to more mayhem.
WH refused a meeting with the Israeli Defense Minister. If only Obama hated Iran as much as he dislikes Israel.
The perfect getaway
A 34 story luxury highrise
ObamaCare has brought skyrocketing premium increases &amp; unaffordable deductibles which will lead to less care &amp; job losses.
_Pegasus Show me someone without an ego
 Definitely true    Enough politicians! We need a business man to get this country back on track!  for Prez 2016!
Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau
With our $250M in renovations
Congratulations _Ireland for being named  resort in Europe by the   awards!
6  hotels made  readers choice!      _Ireland
. in Hong Kong featured 8 pages on my great hometown of New York City
Thank you  for selecting the Ocean View Suite _Ireland as one of your top 10 suites I wonder how officials  feel now after treating Coach Mike Leach with so little respect after their loss to  82-27?
  Helluva job Donald I expected nothing less. Speaking ur mind in this country is becoming extinct.
_dwain  Mr. Trump. I truly enjoy your insite and opinions. Please run for President
  Thank you for reminding everyone we need to . 
_a_mum_thing   totally agree.
_La_La_xoxo    please run for president you can do so much good
_taz   Income down and cost of living up for legal citizens of America yep this is Obama America sad
  Thanks for speaking up for Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi on  this morning. 
  right on!!
  Great job on  this morning!!!
 Great job on Fox &amp; Friends this a.m.; have a great week! Thanks for shedding more light on the diseases fr. porous border!
   Good job  for not being afraid to speak truth
  on point as always!
_taz   1000% right about Mexico agenda and impossible citizenship process God can't we wake up.
   Power to this man!! He cares about this country
  Articulate &amp; concise as ever
Fox &amp; Friends
Will be on  at 7.00. (30 minutes). A great deal to talk about including Ebola quarantine.
 I'd vote for  way before I'd vote for Hillary. Great!
   Donald Trump said that before the virus' made it to U.S. That's what I do!
  you are my role model such an amazing man. Thank you.
 This is why I agree with Donald Trump They should ban flights from  infected countries from entering the U.S.
 _riccardi  easily
  should run for president
  Did Hillary really say Businesses don't create jobs?! 
There are just so many penalties and such long commercials in these NFL games that they are no longer worth watching. Soft hitting &amp; boring!
I would absolutely consider investing in Atlantic City again
Yes
I made a fortune in Atlantic City
With all that is happening with Ebola
  I wish you would run For President Mr Trump we need you God Bless you.
 BarackObama as one of your employers.. Are you really just turning your back on Isreal??  Trump for  I'm rdy 4 change.
  I respect your integrity sir. Rock on.
  Please Please think about running in 2016
Yesterday's home runs don't win today's games.  Babe Ruth
There is ZERO margin for error on Ebola. Are we confident in Obama when he cant even make a website for $5 Billion?
Saudis just cut oil supply
Kay Hagan profited off of the stimulus.She just skipped a debate. Kay supports amnesty
Michelle Nunn supports Amnesty
Via  by _strong Obama Administration Quietly Prepares Surge of Millions of New Immigrant Ids Canadian PM Harper immediately called the Ottawa attack terrorism. At least North America has a strong leader who lives in reality.
 Obama should be ashamed! The Ebola doctor who just flew to N.Y. from West Africa and went on the subway
 I LOVE U     is my idol
  Run for President!
  Oh Donald! I love you!
  Trump
President Obama
President Obama has a major meeting on the N.Y.C. Ebola outbreak
I never thought I'd say it in my lifetime
I have been saying for weeks for President Obama to stop the flights from West Africa. So simple
Ebola has been confirmed in N.Y.C.
If this doctor
There is a good possibility that a person who treated patients in West Africa and who FLEW into New York has Ebola. Touched many
Double digit premium increases because of ObamaCare. Dems trying to delay showing numbers until after election
Opening for the 2014 season soon
The pinnacle of the luxury public golf experience  overlooking the Pacific Ocean in Palos Verdes Celebrate Thanksgiving  with exclusive viewing access to the 88th Annual  Thanksgiving Parade     
   She would make a beautiful First Lady  So true!
  if you had one piece of advice for Obama what would it be? To resign from office!
 We desperately need someone that looks out for our great country. Dropping supplies into enemy hands is inconceivable.
  I saw the ground breaking ceremony for your DC building. It was you and Ivanka.
   lets do this!!! Trump for president  
_marryyy  MY FIRST EVER OPPORTUNITY TO VOTE NEEDS TO BE A VOTE FOR U!!! Runnnnnn
  is the smartest businessman in America  Thank you.
  Run for president
  One of the greatest fashion designers of all time.  My husband honored by the Wharton School of Finance. The Joseph Wharton Award. Congratulations!.   Good night Washington D.C.    Washington DC  NYC  Tremendous pressure on President Obama to institute a travel ban on Ebola stricken West Africa. At some point this stubborn dope will fold!
_that_a  Wearing a Trump tie doesn't make you as smart a businessman as Trump
 Free our Marine! Alison Grimes supports harsh restrictions to kill coal industry &amp; supports Obama's anti-gun legislation. Vote _Mitch!
Liberal SD Dem candidate Rick Weiland wants to expand ObamaCare to single payer &amp; opposes Ebola travel ban. Send  to Senate!
Dem candidates are all folks who vote with me.  Barack Obama describing ALL Democrat Senate candidates
Via  by  Trump Calls  a Cokehead Congratulations to  on the release of her great new book ! Check out  excerpt Via  Event offers glimpse of Trump high life by Holly Ivy Dore If Mitt Romney were in the private sector &amp; he suffered the horrendous loss of 2012
An interesting cartoon that is circulating. Later today Im being honored at the Park Hyatt in Washington
 South African justice- Ben Bradlee was truly one of the greats. What an amazing life he led. My warmest condolences to Dino &amp; the whole family. 
I'm going to D.C. today to check on the hotel I'm building on Penn. AVE.
Why are we letting the three girls
If there is one more Ebola case in the U.S.
 Please save this country. 
  A man of business and success
  seriously needs to run for president
 A smart
The United States troops which were sent to West Africa have only gotten 4 hours of Ebola training - very unfair to them and their families!
The United States
The U.S. accidentally air dropped a large shipment of military weapons and supplies right into the middle of ISIS as enemy laughs! Very sad!
Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one.
Dont believe Kay Hagan on Ebola travel ban. She also promised that you would keep your healthcare plan under ObamaCare. Vote !
Obama will let Ebola fly into US &amp; drugrunners cross our border daily. But he won't pressure Mexico on Sgt. Tahmooressi. 
I will be in Washington
   no
  
  Donald
Oscar Pistorious will likely only serve 10 months for the cold blooded murder of his girlfriend. Another O.J. travesty.The judge is a moron!
Wow
Oscar Pistorius only gets five years in prison for killing his girlfriend. Ridiculous decision! Judge couldn't even read her own writings.
 DonaldTrump needs to run America like a business. Do the dirty work that we don't need to hear about. Make this country right again
 DonaldTrump  Only way to get Obama to do right for our Marine would be for every country club across USA to deny him golf access
 Starting 2believe Ujust may want 2run for Presidency after-all. Uknow what they say 'Reach For The 50 Stars' We Need CHANGE
  What we need is real CHANGE. What we need is Donald Trump 
  Dream on. You have a better chance of Time Warner dumping Jeff Zucker than you do the media ignoring Donald Trump
   I wish Donald Trump would run for President
 _Sadler22 Donald Trump and Mitt Romney would be the most dynamic pres/vp combo in history No
    Donald Trump for president! please save us man omg yes bro!
  Who else is as qualified as the Donald
    Looks like my kind of place D. Trump. You are the man my friend  Thanks
  we need you in the White House!!!!!   I agree
  ranked as one of the worst  It needs  magic touch.  So true
Has everyone forgotten our marine who now sits in a Mexican prison because we have a president too incompetent or too lazy to make a call?
Via  by  Trump Next president has to be 'great one' 

Via  by  Trump  has 'the right views' ICYMI
Via  by  Donald Trump Next president needs to be a great one Congratulations to   for receiving the Certificate of Excellence &amp; Top 10 Hotels in Panama from !
Congrats to  for being named  Best In Stay Elite Award Winner for Oahu for 2014!
. must take a drug test immediatelymake results public. NY Attorney General cannot be a cokehead.
Its been stated that dopey NY  used cocaine while he was a state senator.    Please let Donnie
I was never a fan of Bush
  Donald Trump Calls Out Obama Thank you for calling out this idiot!
   FOR SURE!
  playing Trump Ferry Point this morning! Looking forward to it. Have a great time!
President Obama has made one mistake after another for a very long time
  Great interview
 I love Mon Mornings when T is on  as the voice of reason to tell it like it is&amp;dispel another wk of Obama Lies
  Donald Trump for president! please save us man
I will be on  at 7.00 - 45 minutes. Talking about Ebola
I just returned from Iowa - what a beautiful state. The people are amazing and the event for Congressman Steve King was a great success!
Do you believe Obama just said that America would be less safe with a travel ban from West Africa.This is the thinking of a total mad man!
The lobbyist and political hack that President Obama just appointed as the Ebola Czar
 And people zinged Donald Trump for talking about Ebola. How is this Klain guy any more qualified?Actually
 Piers Morgan Inserts Himself into Donald Trump vs. Russell Brand Feud  Famous Brit inserted himself into Russell Brand
 Donald Trump's Palm Beach mansion       Donald is onto something here. Russ does look like a really bad lost dummy joke with a fried mind
   Save America
   Good job Donald! We need you to get more involved!!! Way to go!!
  I bet you never heard this before Your Hired
   I vote for Trump to make us all rich. Good call.
  run for president. We need someone who isn't scared to make the right calls.
   in Iowa Next President Needs to Be Great
I'm leaving for Iowa now - will be great!
If I were president Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi would be let out of jail with one phone call. If not
Do you think the 14 African nations that are banning West Africans from coming into their nations are being called racists? Perhaps not!
14 African nations have totally banned West Africans from entering their nations. Likewise many other nations. But the U.S. = COME ON IN
 by  Donald Trump
Obama just appointed an Ebola Czar with zero experience in the medical area and zero experience in infectious disease control. A TOTAL JOKE!
If you cant see it
Via  by  Donald Trump
Coming soon to Pennsylvania Avenue Donald Trump Will Be on Pennsylvania Avenue in 2016 &amp; Theres Nothing You Can Do About It Now Michelle Nunn will not admit she voted for Obama. Of course she did. Nunn supports ObamaCare &amp; is anti-Second Amendment.
The new Ebola czar will report to the WH &amp; NSA adviser Susan Rice. More mismanagement &amp; duplicity with CDC. Obama is terrible executive.
.    I got much betterno contestI got Melania!
. Russell has nothing going for himself except for energy &amp; aggression. Without that he would be deada first class dummy!
Thank you Piers for the wonderful article and
. will do much better- Very excited to be returning to Iowa tomorrow to campaign for my friend &amp; strong Conservative leader !
I love seeing that Graydon Carter and  are failing so badly. Hes only focused on his bad food restaurants.
3rd rate writer
  I love you just for that tweet! 
  is indeed a great man
_gill  Please do our country a favor and run for President.
   said this from the beginning. Need real leadership 
  it's my birthday today. The best present you can give me is to be my next President.  Happy birthday!
  Visited Doonbeg shortly after ur purchase. Really an exceptional course and resort.  Thanks!
  If only Donald Trump could tell uObama he's fired the world would be a happier place
   Time to bring back The Apprentice Mr. Trump! The new season will be announced by NBC very soon!
_dano  We are on course of imploding as the once great Roman Empire did.
  You
 Im going to invest a lot of money in Ireland -  tells Newstalk's  _progress . for president!
  Mr.T  You were the first to call it right weeks ago regarding the Ebola virus. Not enough restrictions to get into the U.S.
_marygirl17  Mr Trump please run for POTUS in 2016!
  Mr. Trump
 Hope  runs for President in 2016..... 
Looks like Obama will not stop the very potentially dangerous flights to and from West Africa. What the hell is wrong with this guy?
.  I watched Russell Brand and I think his mind is fried - he looks really bad. Russell is a total joke
.  Katy
Great  art. by  on Doc Rivers annual golf charity event . Doc is a great friend! . must have been drunk when she married Russell Brand   but he did send me a really nice letter of apology!
I watched Russell Brand  on the  show the other nightwhat the hell do people see in Russella major loser!
My  interview discussing Ebola
Read about my victory against sleazebag . More people should fight when theyre right! The Ebola nurse should NEVER have been allowed to fly to Cleveland and (amazing) back again. Nothing works in our once great country anymore
  is an inspirational man!! So nice
  for president Thank you.
   African nations r restricting air travel from each other....is that racist?
 The most successful people are the people that had the right idea but never ever quit or gave up! ~ 
I am starting to think that there is something seriously wrong with President Obama's mental health. Why won't he stop the flights. Psycho!
It is time for the airline pilots
  Almost only counts in horse-shoes. He had to know statue of limitations was in play - yet he wasted tax payer $'s anyway?Fool AG
  for president! 
 Donald Trump should really consider running for President. He certainly has his head on right! 
_brown_pe A great man once said Don't tell me how hard a job is going to be
   Trumps 10000% better then  even if he's not from Utah
  Republican debates would be interesting with you.
  We knew he had no case against Trump U. I have no complaints about the products I bought.  Thanks!
I just had a great victory against lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman. Most of his case re Trump U. was thrown out or gutted. Little remains
I can't believe that Mitt Romney would run for president again. He had his chance and blew it in the last weeks of the race.
A nurse in Dallas who treated Ebola patient Thomas Duncan was allowed to fly to Cleveland.She should never have been so allowed! The real JV
With all of the words President Obama just dispensed at his press conference
   Your ties are the best hands down!  Thank you!
I dont think you should ever run from history. You should learn from it and embrace it. - Coach Doc Rivers
The Donald J. Trump Signature Collection

There's nothing like fall in . See where  recommends you take in the season's beauty

Young entrepreneurs  always remember in negotiations that sometimes the best deal you make is the one you walk away from.
Our president could not make a proper website with $5B. The website still does not work. How can we feel safe about Ebola?!
Congratulations to _Bossie &amp; his team _United on their important court win for the First Amendment! Via _Media by  Trump Baghdad Likely to Fall to ISIS

Looking forward to returning to the Hawkeye state this Saturday to support my friend and strong Conservative !
Via  Steve King for Congress Facebook Page Donald Trump has a special announcement!

My  int. on  w/ discussing my upcoming campaign visit for Steve this Sat. in Iowa

Lightweight  is driving business &amp; jobs out of NY. Only wants self publicitya total loser!
John  is one of the most respected people in politics. Dopey  is one of the least respected!
President Obama has a personal responsibility to visit &amp; embrace all people in the US who contract Ebola!
Obama still refuses to stop the flights. Is he stubborn or just plain incompetent - I say both!
  You were 100% spot on about the judge in the Oscar Pistorius trial. Complete and utter moron.
 Donald Trump's golf resort awarded five-star status by Scottish chiefs after US tycoon spends millions restoring historic mansion
 Donald Trump's Scottish hotel awarded five-star rating . It's Tuesday.  is wearing Revlon eyeliner today. Governor Cuomo alerted all to this.
Michelle Nunn will be a solid vote for  Obama. She supports ObamaCare &amp; opposes 2nd Amendment. Vote for   to change things!
We pay for Obama's travel so he can fundraise millions so Democrats can run on lies. Then we pay for his golf.
Alison Grimes will protect the 'sanctity' of her Obama ballot yet admits she voted for Hillary in primary. Hypocrite. Vote _Mitch!
Congratulations to 's  course for being named one of the 10 Toughest courses on Tour This Year If you want more
    I would walk barefoot and naked on a mile of broken glass n snakes to cast my vote for TRUMP!
_Jay_Sea We need DonaldTrump in the White House in 2016. Someone w/o political agenda &amp; who just wants to make our country great again
  For President! The only fighting chance this country has left.  hasn't done shit.
_22  has no filter. He says what needs to be said because no one else will say it.
 i love  finally someone who gets it
  please run in 2016. We can't have another Obama
  China wouldn't be laughing at President Trump. So true!
 Mr  has a vlog where he says things U don't wanna hear. But I learned he speaks the truth !
So many problems in the U.S. and leadership that is hopeless...and now
 It's five stars for Donald Trump's Scottish hotel As ISIS and Ebola spread like wildfire
Can you believe that
If you never want to be criticized
If Alison Grimes cant admit she voted for Obama
Awarded 5 Stars by 
The military generals are fuming at Obama. He has boxed them in against ISIS with a strategy that is destined to fail. Sad!
 China is laughing at U.S. Happy belated birthday to Chris Wallace! Chris does a great job every week on . Like father
Just finished reading a poorly written &amp; very boring book on the General Motors Building by Vicky Ward. Waste of time! 
Trump Int'l Golf Links Scotland awarded 5 star status by Scottish Tourism chiefs. Via MailOnline Think of this After we spent $2 trillion on Iraq
The  games are so boring now that actually
Even though I refused to pay a ridiculous price for the Buffalo Bills
The people of Buffalo should be happy Terry Pegula got the team but I hope he does better w/the Bills than he has w/the Sabres. Good luck!
Wow
  TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT 
 I agree with everything  said on  this morning. Put this man in the White House!
_Bagholders  Trump 4 President! Close the boarders and protect our children!
 Donald you're so handsome... i can speak... Paltrow loser... Trump 2016 rock n roll back in the OVAL not Paltrow
   salute you sir  Thank you.
_1L_   well anyway....Give em hell on the flight ban to Ebola regions.
  YOU'RE SO IN DEMAND IN THE MEDIA BUT WHAT WE REALLY NEED IS YOU IN DEMAND AT THE WHITE HOUSE 
. in 15 minutes!
Are NFL games getting boring or is it just my magnificent imagination? In any event
I will be on Fox &amp; Friends tomorrow morning at 7.00. Ebola and ISIS will be topics.
   never gonna happen-I'd like it too
   Yes
_Forese  we need a leader with the business smarts along with mental strength to run this country such as you! I agree!
 150 travelers arriving daily in the U.S. from the Ebola hot zones of west Africa? This is insanity! 
 I think it's about time  stands up and announces he's running for President.
I don't know if President Obama isn't stopping the flights from Ebola torn West Africa because he is stubborn
Here we go - A healthcare worker who treated Thomas Duncan
President Obama
 My favorite building in Chicago   Great interview Tuesday past with Jim Gardner
Remember when I said when Saddam Hussein fell - the new leader of Iraq will be meaner and tougher and hate the U.S. even more. Welcome ISIS!
If a conservative Republican made the mistake that Mrs. Obama just made by calling Braley by the wrong name
Michelle Obama made a terrible mistake in Iowa. When endorsing Bruce Braley before a large crowd
Isn't it ridiculous
I've never seen anything like it
_chipendo We are able to do certain things only because we do not know they are impossible. Donald Trump
  I'm from the UK and even I'm voting for Donald! Trump Trump Trump! I'm moving to America!
 See inside 's five star Scottish hotel    Am a Donald Trump follower
 Whew finally off of work...I'll say it again..TRUMP 2016.BECAUSE NOBODY LOVES AMERICA MORE THAN DONALD TRUMP. 
 If  runs for office he has my vote
   same here.. Run so we get someone in the office that knows what's really going on
 I'm voting for Trump in 2016. We need someone with his kind of amazing business sense to turn this country around 
 As one of my life-long role models &amp; someone I've looked up to in every aspect of life
_42 . A real businessman would lower taxes &amp; remove some 3000 restrictions on businesses. Go Donald!!
   he has the right business skills to lead our country back to the top.
  _arsh  I think Trump vs Clinton would be huge
 Please run for office. This country NEEDS ur leadership
  if you run for pres
  Walked past your building in Vancouver today...going up very fast...will add some style to Vancouver.
_Khamenei   Donald Trump is highly suited to be president of U.S. Nice.
  Will vote for you if you run.
  Will vote for you if you run. Thanks.
_RI_1  Donald
 Some of my favorite entrepreneurs     and  
   Amen! Run
 Mr.Trump
  its time to put a Wharton Grad in the White House!  That is true!
  don't keep us in suspense
 If  ran for president
Do you notice that because of Ebola
  If  doesn't run we are screwed 
  got my vote! Only one with common sense! So true
   This  girl would vote for you! Thank you.
  nothing like downtown Chicago!   Why don't you run for US president? Watch.
 Jon Stewart would have been a terrible host of Meet the Press   served in Army NationalGuard for 35 yrs with honor &amp; will serve  the same! Obama I will control Ebola. = Obama If you like your health care plan
Wow.  ratings are down big league. Glad I didn't get the Bills. Rather be lucky than good.
The  ratings continue to fall every week and will keep dropping. Boring gamestoo many flagstoo soft!
The only reason I bid on  was to make sure they stayed in Buffalo
Sweat equity is the most valuable equity there is. Know your business and industry better than anyone else in the world. 
Via  by  Wind Farm Proposal Near _Ireland Rejected Via  Americans Agree With Donald Trump
 Why are we the sad suckers? . should remove his eyeliner
Lightweight  will probably win only because he is a Dem in NY
Lightweight 
Obamacare puts poor people on a form of government run
Seal the deal! Hold your business meeting at the luxurious   Executive Board Room Obama is making the Ebola problem much worse than it needs to be in the U.S. by not halting flights from West Africa. Airport testing a joke
 Donald Trump
 Donald Trump Obama 'Stupid' or 'Arrogant' for Not Instituting Ebola Travel Ban On Sunday  Donald Trump Teaches Miss Pennsylvania a MILLION DOLLAR Lesson If you are interested in balancing work and pleasure
 Donald Trump tells Fox why he doesn't trust Obama on Ebola Benghazi! I feel sorry for the 4000 soldiers who are being forced to go the West Africa to fight Ebola. Their families are up in arms. Not trained.
Tens of millions of dollars in airstrikes had no impact because key leaders fled after hearing ON NEWS REPORTS the strikes were coming. DUMB
  Please run for president in 2016.
  I'm at the Trump Doral for an environmental law conference. Very impressed all around.  Great.
China is ripping wealth out Africa and yet
The residential real estate market continues to provide opportunities for first time home owners. Buy now if you can!
The CDC chief just said Ebola is spreading faster than Aids. Marines are preparing for a pandemic drill. Stop all flights from West Africa!
Obama wont send troops to fight jihadists
Via  by forza_desiderio Donald Trump Blasts Obama on Ebola Why Are You Sending Troops? Congratulations to  on his new position as Editor-at-Large for the United States of ! My Apprentice champ!
My golf club  in Westchester
I have to admit  is a tough
Great news from IrelandClare County Council turned down massive windfarm near my hotel &amp; golf course in Doonbeg.  Will our brave soldiers catch Ebola? Right now 4000 U.S. troops are stupidly heading to West Africa to help fight Ebola.No help from China
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.  Walt Disney
The U.S. is spending fortunes at airports checking people coming in from West Africa
In a little reported event
  Motivate why everyone wants Mr Trump for President? because he's outspoken
Even Jimmy Carter just released a statement saying that Obama doesn't have a clue. That has to be a new low!
 Donald Trump for president 
   Donald would be the right guy for the USA. I agree.
   Yes Please Run for President - I said that ages ago while he was at a conference in Sydney Australia
  if Donald Trump runs for POTUS 2016 he'd have my vote!
  Donald Trump for president
   US airport staff should strike if flights to &amp; from affected countries do not stop
 Aberdeenshire's first five-star hotel revealed  Part Of Being A WINNER Is Knowing When Enough Is Enough By 
  Please run for President...
  Donald Trump for president!
Obama
Can you believe this fool
  Our Country's leaders should have listened to you. Thanks to them
   I know he would make a great president. He makes decisive decisions daily
  Will you PLEASE run for President ??????? You've got our vote! Thanks.
 Playing at Trump Los Angeles! Amazing round of golf in the best course in west coast! Unforgettable ocean view!
 DonaldTrump Via  BY Jeffrey Lord Donald Trump was right on Ebola Any American who fights with ISIS should have their passport revoked. Take them to Gitmo for interrogation.
The fight against ISIS starts at our border. At least 10 ISIS have been caught crossing the Mexico border. Build a wall!
China has just overtaken us as the worlds largest economy. We are busy wasting $'s while China builds airports &amp; skyscrapers.
Via  BY   ramps up with first TV ad
My  int. with _Gardner on Atlantic City
Via  BY Jeffrey Lord Donald Trump was right on Ebola

Entrepreneurs See yourself as victorious. Look at the solution
Vancouvers most anticipated hotel &amp; residences
Stop the flights! Today's put-off objectives reduce tomorrow's achievements. - Henry Banks
ISIS is advancing even against Obamas airstrikes. Obama is disengaged and making the Middle East even more dangerous.
Obamacare premiums continue to rise and bend up the cross curve. And the back-end of the website does not even work.
Work Underway on First New Trump Course in Dubai; Second Course in Planning  Trump Int'l Golf Links
 Waldorf Astoria's sale &amp; 7 iconic New York hotels Obama is looking like an incompetent fool in the handling of the war against.ISIS! Why isn't China and Russia helping - they gain so much!
 Terrific and insightful interview with  by _Gardner!! Great piece
 Must See Interview! Jim Gardner One on One - Donald Trump - Full Inte I was relentless because
Via _Media by  Trump 'Maybe Something Miraculous Happens' and Obama Will Succeed Real estate taxes are far too high 
When will Mayor Vescio and manager Zegarelli repave Pine Road in ?  It is a disgrace!
Be sure to enjoy the 50th Anniversary Chicago International Film Festival at 
Via  Most Americans Label Obama Presidency A Failure USMC Andrew Tahmooressi should be freed immediately. He never should have been jailed in the first place. Weak leaders. 
My  int. on Leon Panetta's critique of Obama
Via  by  The Donald wins. Trump name coming off casino  Looking forward to being  this evening for  Corporate Meeting Planners reception for Trump National Doral 
 Promo for Tonight w/   Congratulations _GeorgesNYC for 10 years of 3 ! Visit the restaurant in  for a meal youll never forget.
Just put in ad for a real estate executive Hard work
  please become POTUS and make our nation great again!
  When you're right
_fitnessI really hope you run for president. Your RTs abt u being next pres have my hopes up! Please do our country a favor &amp; run
Kentucky has a chance to have the Senate Majority Leader
I can't believe Mitch McConnell isn't way up in the Kentucky polls. Massive seniority brings so much power and status to State. Brings K.$'s
_Tam   yes Mr. Trump please run for the Oval Office and help bring the USA back to prominence.
  We need a real leader. We need Trump. Thanks.
__Marx  I agree 100%! Please run for president and save this country! 
_Vegas_76Donald why don't you run for president. If you run the USA like you run your businesses
Despite the ever increasing Ebola disaster
 Just saw your interview with . Mr. Trump just run for president you'd be surprised to learn we all agree with you!
  your appearance on  tonight was refreshing to hear! So much common sense!
  just saw you on Greta.... Love listening to you speak. I have so much respect for you.  Thank you!
Obama has missed 58% of his intelligence briefings. But our president does make 100% of his fundraisers.
I will be on On The Record  tonight at 7 PM
Trump to campaign for  Via  by   Works to Beat Breast Cancer Donald Trump to crown  as Miss Universe venue  We want to build everything in Dubai

Via  by  Trump Wants Ebola Travel Ban . Work has not yet begun. We're in the approval phase. It will be amazing. You will love the final result.
Congrats  on new book A Little Bit Vulnerable you're a breath of fresh air in the political forum Do you think crooked  will ever challenge the NFL tax status? Notoo many friends and contributors in ?
 Hey
  is this one yours??   I will be on Fox &amp; Friends () at 7.00. Fighting Ebola will be a topic!
I'm not going to be watching much NFL football anymore. Too time consuming
What the hell is Obama doing in allowing all of these potentially very sick people to continue entering the U.S.! Is he stupid or arrogant?
I don't know what it is
The Jets just don't have it. Time for a quarterback change!
 This is where  needs to be the President.
_victoria97  should be president..
  we really need a person like you to lead our country 
President Obama
President Obama - close down the flights from Ebola infected areas right now
  Please run for president
Something very important
This Ebola patient Thomas Duncan
  My advice run for president!
If Ebola is so non-contagious
Can you believe that President Obama still hasn't stopped the flights and people pouring into the U.S. from West Africa. TERRIBLE PRESIDENT!
   you are the Smartest man in america. Why aren't you president. Who needs Obama? We need you! Please run!!
  For President 
  I pray that one day my country will wake up and see that you are the leader we need. Please run in 2016.
   Great minds never stop. Such qualities make great leaders and fantastic decision makers. 
 Obama isn't smart enough to identify what the best and brightest would look like. Please run for POTUS. We need you.
  is one of the smartest men in america... put him in the office. So true
  
 Donald Trump ABC's 'Black-ish' Title Is Racist  Donald Trump's 1987 The Art of the Deal spent 45 wks on the New York Times' bestseller list   Donald Trump meets a very uncomfortable-looking  in 2006.   Arizona Cardinal Darnell Dockett
 Arizona Cardinal Darnell Dockett
. MR TRUMP IS THE BEST Worldleader  Hope to one day see even a fraction of your succes
Really interesting
_that_actor   Wow Andy
_that_actor PREDICTION Things will be so bad in post-Obama US that Trump will be swept into White House in '16 Saw Michael Jordan and Ray Allen today playing golf at Trump National Doral
Ebola patient Duncan lied on his exit papers by saying he never came into contact with a person with Ebola. He knew he did
How incompetent are our leaders allowing these Ebola infected people to come into our country with all of the problems and danger entailed!
The Ebola patient who came into our country knew exactly what he was doing. Came into contact with over 100 people.Here we go-I told you so!
The brand new hotel at Trump National Doral has the most beautiful rooms and suites in Miami.  Enjoy!
I just arrived at Trump National Doral in Miami where I'll spend the day checking work just completed by contractors. This place is amazing!
Ebola is much easier to transmit than the CDC and government representatives are admitting. Spreading all over Africa-and fast. Stop flights
  is one of my fav.entrepreneurs of all time Thank you.
  looking forward to my wedding at Turnberry 2mo! Ur staff has been amazing! It will be fantastic!
 I seriously admire 
 RT  Success is having to worry about every damn thing in the world
 I love 
A  Diamond &amp; Green Star Diamond Award winner
Designed by 

We have millions in our country unemployed yet we are wasting millions arming Syrian rebels. What is wrong with Washington?!
Obama can attend a fundraiser every day but cant be bothered to get briefed on national security. Commander-in-Chief?!
Our national security starts at the border. Do you think ISIS &amp; al-Qaeda are just in the Middle East?
Rated  Resort in Europe by 
  They are planning on building windturbines near Turnberry Golf course
_turton Can you buy  merchandise in the UK or do you ship world wide? Cheers  Go to How is ABC Television allowed to have a show entitled Blackish? Can you imagine the furor of a show
Stop flights into the U.S. from West Africa immediately!
The woman who is the Secret Service Director looks like she is way over her head.Why can't the president appoint the best and the brightest?
 There's only one man I'd trust to fight ISIS. That's right   Good choice
 . I'm pulling an all nighter in the library studying so I can hopefully do half as much as you one day Great
 We seriously need  for president.  TrumpForPresident
_sux Hey everyone! Just found an awesome Twitter account that you should check out!!! It's called  very cool
  
 Reading DonaldTrump's The Art of the Deal for my entrepreneurship class. So many cool stories and business lessons to learn
_ The U.S. needs  at this moment Thank you.
   And the military doesn't have a heck of a lot of respect for him either.
  thank you for being the voice of reason!
 The worst part is the apathy the administration has for informing the public of timely info about Ebola 
  _Imburgia Trump for President! ! Please!!!
  calls a spade a spade
_worldwide  no common sense in Washington
  THANK YOU! EXACTLY!
  We can't just stop flights. It might offend the west Africans
  our troops are trained to put a 7.62mm through a fleas ass from 1000m not fight a virus
  Wtg  for president i vote for u
_Imburgia  Why is it O makes absolutely no sense while Donald Trump makes perfect sense!!!
  RUN FOR PRESIDENT! Save us!
The United States must immediately institute strong travel restrictions or Ebola will be all over the United States-a plague like no other!
How dumb is our president to send thousands of poorly trained and ill-equipped soldiers over to West Africa to fight Ebola. Stop all flights
  DONALD TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT! Please run. No one will defeat you. Thank you!
Here we go! I stated long ago that we should cancel all flights from West Africa. Now we have Ebola in U.S.
President Obama should stay out of the Hong Kong protests
Success seems to be connected with action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes
FactObama does not read his intelligence briefings nor does he get briefed in person by the CIA or DOD. Too busy I guess!
'Everything in Dubai' Learn from Emirate's rebound
Via _Media by  Trump 'Inconceivable' Obama didn't know about ISIS threat

Keep your momentum. Without momentum
I've realized that success requires 100% effort and 100% focus. Nothing less. Get out there and go for it.
Excited to see   elevated fine dining explored by  ! Our views trump the rest for the  . Stay  for exclusive parade access 36 hrs Central Park as seen in  including a stop  for a bite in _NYC. Full article __________IAN I saw Donald Trump on Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous when I was 4.That man must of had a drink -&gt;fountain of youth.
It wasn't only that Obama saluted a Marine with a cup of coffee in his hand
 What a stunning hotel! Great work!   should Mr.Trump know who two random people are. He's a celebrity. He gets a ton of tweets and was just trying to be nice.
   We were at the Trump Int'l a few weeks ago it's one of the best hotels I've ever stayed in for many reasons Thanks.
Jeanne Shaheen wants amnesty for illegals
Interesting case from UK re  and abusive troll ObamaI will destroy ISIS = Obama If you like your healthcare plan
Runaway Obamacare Spending Will Cost Democrats Must watch for all Georgians  new ad Secure Our Border Inside Donald Trump's Scottish golf course

  played turnberry ailsa today it was awesome good job
Via  NYs Central Park Horse Show a huge success

    Never ceases to amaze. Trump is the int'l brand that never settles for less than the best Thanks
   And last time I was there it was immaculately clean too Very important.
Johnny MillerGreat job this weekend. Most insightful and tough. See you at Doral.
Patrick ReedWe are proud to have you as our champion at Doral. Love the attitude &amp; the play. See you in March at the Cadillac WGC.
. Your commentary this weekend was fantastic. People love what you say and how you say it.
._McDowell  You are the toughest guy there is. If you were a boxer youd be the champ. Great going!
. Great going this weekend. You are a true champion!
. Great going and almost as importantly
. The display you put on this weekend was unprecedented. Even the best putters couldn't believe it. You're amazing. See u soon.
.  What a year it has been for you   and this weekend topped it off. Fantastic job
I thought I was being nice to somebody re their parents. I guess this teaches you not to be nice or trusting. Sad!
Some jerk fraudulently tweeted that his parents said I was a big inspiration to them + pls RTout of kindness I retweeted. Maybe Ill sue.
 We need to put aside partisan politics and realise the greatest thing we can do is work together to get Mr.T elected president.
  FINALLY! Someone who gets what is really going on in this country! Please consider fixing it! 
  Interesting reports emerging after our No vote that soapy kept from us. Among them
 How I wish Mr Trump would write more books. So in love with his books. I am now writing The Art of the Deal
.  Charlie
I will be doing  at 7.00 (15 minutes).
Every time I speak of the haters and losers I do so with great love and affection. They cannot help the fact that they were born fucked up!
   Hope you announce that you're running for president! You'd get my vote!
 I wasnt satisfied just to earn a good living. I was looking to make a statement. ~ Donald Trump
 Sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make. ~ Donald Trump
_ When somebody challenges you
I will  be releasing the full interview with a guy named Baxter  only to show the bias and stupidity of him and . Clowns!
I will be on  Monday morning at 7.00. A lot to talk about!
 I rarely get star struck - but I've just interviewed Donald Trump for  yeeeehaaaaa
 I am totally voting for  if he runs for President!! Thanks.
_Skyward Enjoying looking over the water from your Chicago hotel with my wife on our 5th anniversary. Great place!
  RUN FOR PRESIDENT
  Just bought at Macy's my 2014 installment of your Shirts for Christmas! Gorgeous colors this year! and Fabric.
The animal who beheaded the woman in Oklahoma should be given a very fast trial and then the death penalty. The same fate - beheading?
I wonder if I run for PRESIDENT
Can you believe we still have not gotten our Marine out of Mexico. He sits in prison while our PRESIDENT plays golf and makes bad decisions!
   stayed last month
My friend Derek is a special athlete and special personthere is nobody like him. 
Las Vegas' most elite destination
Success depends...on how effectively you learn to manage the game's two ultimate adversaries the course and yourself. - 
With $250M of renovations
Internationally recognized as an iconic landmark
  you are the man
 So cool to see  respond to so many people who tweet at him. A true role model in the business world.  Thanks.
 Nothing but respect for someone who can speak their mind without fear of censorship! Thank you for being that guy! Thank you.
  _Ireland  Wow
 Can't wait for the opening of your new hotel in the old post office building in DC. We know it will be fabulous!  Thank you.
People are loving the new line of Trump ties and shirts at Macy's. Check them out!
Watching the Ryder Cup on . Very interesting and tough matches. Amazing sport
 I hope you will consider buying back the Trump Plaza &amp; Taj returning them to the great places they once were Will take a hard look.
Ill bet if I didnt harass Apple for the last 2 years about the large screen iPhone
. offense
When youre in a fight with a bully
The U.S. should not be giving away our strategy &amp; tactics to the enemy so they can prepare. Just go and do what you have to do!
Go to    his books are great Thanks.
 Donald Trump is my favorite Mac Miller song  And mine tooooo!
 This coming election is the first one I can vote in and I hope  runs so he can get my vote 
_88  lets go 
 If I was an American I'm sure I would vote for  for president.
 I've never voted before
  2016
__schiller  reading Never Give Up by Donald Trump
Happy New Year to all my Jewish friends celebrating the holiday.
Congratulations  on being named a Great East Coast Hotels for Teens and Families by  Someone unknown tweeted incorrectly that I'm for Sen. Mitch  for speaker. I'm supporting him for Senate Majority Leader
The 2013  Course of the Year
Via  Donald Trump golf clubhouse at Menie approved

    It is one of the best courses i have played and one i recommend to all our clients. Thank you.
With Terry McAuliffe
  you are my  man. please run for president i cannot vote for anyone else! Thanks.
  Trump 2016!  Please! Bring class
  you're my hero. Keep up the good work. 
 If  runs for president it will be the first time I actually go out and vote. Great!
  If you can dream it
  what's holding you back from running for president? Live &amp; die for your beliefs... Stay tuned!
_TIMe31 Can  please run for president!
  U would do more in 1 week than Obama has in 6 yrs!  
   I hope that he runs also! We need a real leader in DC.
  I hope you run for president too
 I'm back following  and my twitter life just got better!  Great.
  Donald Trump needs to run for President. You'll have my Vote when you decide to run for Office. Thank you.
  When is the Apprentice coming back? Very soon
 I really really really hope that  runs for president. It would make all my dreams come true. Thanks.
  I was wondering your take on Obama saluting with a coffee in his hand? Big deal or no? Terrible!
 When I go to New York my first second and third stop is  and hopefully get to see   Great!
Do more
Offering top amenities along w/ award winning architectural design
Obamacare Data Mismatch Could Leave Thousands Uninsured Obama administration said that Saudi Arabia was on Syrias border The  &amp;  5 star restaurant

Zegarelli and Vescio  Pine Road looks like hell. Must be re-paved nowvery bad for town.  
DAMAC &amp;  Organization are developing a 2nd Trump  course
   not only do you have a great name.. you'd win and do a great job. Hug  for me )
  i'm a german social democrat
 Will TRUMP-A-MANIA run wild again in Atlantic City? DonaldTrump    
  TRUMP-A-MANIA NEEDS TO RUN WILD AGAIN IN AC! So true
    Donald
   couldn't agree more! Please our country needs a true strong leader! I'm terrified for this country now!
  run for president
According to many
Why would the people of Kentucky want a rookie Senator they have Sen. Mitch  who may be next Leader &amp; bring $s to KY
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other.  Abraham Lincoln
Now Obama is having our army coordinate with Iran against ISIS. Whats next?
Obamas rollout of his ISIS war plan is another unmitigated disaster. The Generals must be furious.
From rags to riches

Interesting article about Atlantic City Briarcliff Manor Mayor Vescio is doing a terrible job. Taxes way too high
   GOP will not win until they fire all of the political consultants
  _grayson he will win in 2016
  You should run for POTUS
   man I'd love to see u as our prez. U speak my language sir. God love you  Thank you!
_grayson  Donald Trump 2016. You better win.
  Always enjoy listening to you on  Too bad this Administration doesn't take your advice!
  great segment on fox and friends. 
   Thank God
_SD   Wish you were President right now...One can hope...We need a leader in a leaderless country
_SD   Why do all u haters follow Trump...pathetic Good question!
Good morning. I will be on Fox and Friends at 7.00 (30 minutes). Enjoy! 
  Trump 2016?
 Good to hear news of you and Turnberry in Ayrshire Scotland. South Ayrshire has best weather in Scotland
Our country has become so politically correct that it has lost all sense of direction or purpose. We are unable to move forward painlessly.
Without passion
The NFL should have its non-profit status immediately revoked while at the same time ending the giant tax scam which makes teams so valuable
  NFL is forever changed and I'm afraid in ten years it will be gone or flag football
The NFL image is really tarnished! Now
They just called this the biggest scandal in U.S. sports history (GMA). Roger looks really weak and indecisive
What separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate.
Do you believe that Obama is giving weapons to moderate rebels in Syria.Isn't sure who they are. What the hell is he doing.Will turn on us
Why are we sending thousands of ill-trained soldiers into Ebola infested areas of Africa! Bring the plague back to U.S.? Obama is so stupid.
 Wow
Roger Goodell must stop apologizing to everyone who will listen and toughen up. His street smart players are laughing at him and the NFL!
Effective leadership is putting first things first. Effective management is discipline
Brand new selection of Trump Signature Collection shirts and ties .  Go check them out.
The Wilson family should thank me. Pegula overpaid for the  because of me!
Leading by 13 over Landrieu in a  poll
China's the leading exporter of Iraqi oil yet they wont lift a finger against ISIS. Why should we do the heavy lifting for Chinas gain?
Trump Natl Westchester is among the most highly regarded clubs in New York. A great place.   The views surrounding all your prestigious establishments are always breathtaking. You are a businessman &amp; artist  Thx
                                   just passed the great man's tower! Congratulations to Georgina Bloomberg on winning the inaugural Central Park Grand Prix CSI 3*  
I am convinced that if  had not pushed ugly wind turbines all over Scotland
The people of Scotland have spokena great decision. I wish  well &amp; look forward to playing golf with him at Aberdeen!
Learn
Realize that persistence can go a long way. Being stubborn is often an attribute.
  in 2017 when obama (hopefully) leaves office and we can began to rebuild America from his nightmare. Thx
  We have 2 more years of suffering under Obama. Can we at least have some fun while suffering? 
  Seriously love all things Trump!  Thanks.
  Donald trump for president!
  even if it's only 4 years be president and fix this countries economy
  Donald Trump is the only man who can save this country and run it efficiently. Many agree
_spock RT  Hi  its my birthday any chance of a retweet  Happy birthday!
  Donald Trump you should run for president seriously
  Emanuel is nuts
  Mr. Trump
. is  pick for the Best of Weddings  with our Vista Terrace looking over the Pacific Ocean    Congratulations on getting the Miss Universe Pageant to come to Doral/Miami - it will be a great show and a tremendous success!
 Way to go 
   Love how Donald races to top to be the best in everything he puts his name on.
  Donald Vs. Vince McMahon at Wrestlemania 23. EPIC
Sometimes you have to take a half step back to take two forward. - 
The Iraqi army has squandered the majority of the weapons &amp; training we gave them for 10 long years. When will we learn?
So Obama wants to bomb ISIS in Iraq &amp; arm them in Syria? What is he doing!
Are the Republicans going to blow their chance to take the Senate? Must focus on ObamaCare and amnesty.
Must read article by  &amp;  Americas Untapped Energy Weapon With panoramic views of Central Park &amp; the Manhattan skyline
It was a great honor to be on  on . Wow
Great article on so-called climate change
There is a point in every contest when sitting on the sidelines is not an option.   Dean Smith
 Loved listening to  this morning on  fantastic and true view points on the sad state of the NFL
 Great job on  this morning.  could run the NFL much better
_wilfong  was speaking the truth this morning on . Too many flags
 The NFL is becoming unwatchable; because of the flags -
 Loving  on  this morning!
  great phone interview on espn! Ps forget buffalo
  I can't believe I agree with everything you said on  
  Absolutely right!! 
  you guys need to have  on every week!
  - so  for  commish? Loved his views.
   great interview
_the_iv Idk if anyone watched Mike and Mike this morning but  spoke the absolute truth
  everything you just said on mike&amp;mike was exactly what Ive been waiting for someone to say. Thank you!
 LOVE hearing  laying the hammer on the  on  this morning. Trump For Commissioner!!!!!
   ur so right about the nfl becoming a game Not worth watching anymore PC ppl have killed the game
   spot on interview!  let em play
 Did anyone just see  on ? He nailed it.
 PREACH  !!! U killed it on  ! 
  love your response on  this morning regarding the  brand 
   I loved your views on ESPN this morning. Need your views in the NFL.
 I couldn't agree more with  about the NFL becoming the No Fun League. I'm glad someone finally came out and said it!
   great call from  100% agree with him on the stated of the NFL and football in general.
 I think that  should be the next Commissioner of the ! 
  Fantastic interview of Mr. T both on a business perspective and a fan. Maybe the best interview you have ever had.
_searcy88   is the man.
    Listen to what  said He just summed up what all the fans feel about the league
_Perilla3  thanks for telling it how it is
_Dussault  should be on  everyday. Such an interesting guy. Thanks.
   you were right on! Agreed with product on field is horrible
 Have to agree with Mr. T
   You were spot on about the game of football being boring. Too many flags.
   100% right about the excessive flags and tackling
  loved your time on  today. Great points and views.
  for once  makes sense. The  has become less entertaining due to all the flags.
   WOW
 Everything  said right on the money!   
_H  -Let the court &amp; league discipline them and move on. Agree with Mr. T
   was right. The NFL is ruining the game with all of the penalties. As a fan
_randy  great interview on  this AM! The Donald for commissioner!!
  Wow
  Completely agree with what  just said about the penalties and the hits. [1/2]
_Hawk25  well said this morning on  the NFL has become the No Fun League. 
  had a good point this morning on . The refs are flag happy
On Mike and Mike
In order to stop the Ebola outbreak in Africa
Success is having to worry about every damn thing in the world
Every day Mexico continues to hold Sgt. Tahmooressi is an insult to our country.
IMPORTANT -  &amp;  will hold a hearing on Oct. 1w/USMC Sgt. Tahmooressis mother &amp; wife Right To Play uses the power of play to educate and empower children facing adversity. A great causecheck it out. Just met with David Perdue . Hes a fantastic guy who will fight hard against ObamaCare. He will win!
  sadly
_RangerNV  Don't forget you were also the ONLY person to host Wrestlemania in back to back years So true
 taj employee here mr trump
We must immediately stop all air traffic coming from the Ebola infected areas of Africabefore it is too late.
Entrepreneurs  Believe in yourself. If you don't
Entrepreneurs Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau
I've realized that success requires 100% effort and 100% focus. Nothing less.
Does anybody notice that Atlantic City lost its magic after I left years ago. I had the big boxing
Can you believe that the U.S. will be sending 3000 troops to Africa to help with Ebola.They will come home infected? We have enough problems
It is so sad to see what has happened to Atlantic City. So many bad decisions by the pols over the years - airport
I left Atlantic City years ago
If you cant focus with unyielding resolve
Don't expect to build up the weak by pulling down the strong. - Calvin Coolidge
Congratulations to Obama on building a strong economy. There are 49
Obamas promise to build an international coalition against ISIS is already broken. No one trusts him at home or abroad.
Via  on sale for Loeb School Event
Via   Pageant Coming to  in 2015 With championship links  world-class amenities also include dining &amp; luxury accommodations  Good luck to the people of Scotland
_2011 I honestly think he needs to run for president. I'd vote for him in a heart beat. Man's a genius!! Thank you!
I will be on Fox and Friends at.7.00 A.M. Enjoy!
  Thru rough times 1 thing that keeps me going
   is way classier than 
 Please please please let  run for president. That would be awesome.
  I honestly don't doubt it. We need a real leader in there.
 I'm on board with  
  so are you running for president? Time will soon tell
  All fact
 We just need to let  run the whole world.  It would be a fantastic place
  you always know what to say. You're an inspiration for millions if not billions. Thank you.
I have nothing to do with Atlantic City-sold years ago (great timing). For losers and haters
   That isn't even a real number! Nice try
Money was never a big motivation for me
_Frog_4_Life If you're interested in 'balancing' work and pleasure
   Donald Trump has more know how
Secretary Kerry cannot get other nations to join us in fighting ISIS. They are afraid and he is a poor salesman who reps a pathetic leader!
   Disclosing his finances would make Donald Trump the most wealthy President ever! So true!
 Please run for President again! America is almost finished but might have a chance if you're President in Jan.2017.
  I would love for you to run. What would be your plan on stopping ISIS?? Military mom here. Love you
  I know you hear this endlessly but you would definitely have my vote should you run in 2016 
 Kinda early to decide
   he will help. He is a great man!
  for President 2016. I would be first in line at the polls.
 DonaldTrump Please for all of humanity run for President. But use your money to campaign so you don't need to return favors.
  PLEASE run for President!!! We need you to straighten out this Country!!
  Please run. I'd like someone with a back bone and can make decisions in office. Remember what you said!
  Mr. Trump please help us get an autism service dog for our son
  for president
Always be prepared to start. - Joe Montana
ObamaCare has cut workers pay by over $22B &amp; eliminated 350
Sen. Kay Hagan voted for Amnesty &amp; ObamaCare. She is a proven liberal who recklessly goes along with Obama. Vote  in November!
Offering river
The so-called moderate Syrian rebels pledged their allegiance to ISIS after Obamas address. We should not be arming them!
.  interview discussing the starving demand that is fueling high-end luxury Via  by   looking to hire hundreds

With a  designed course directly along the water
The judge in the Oscar Pistorious case is a total moron. She said he didn't act like a killer. This is another O.J. disaster!
  you should be our new president ..
My interview on 9/13/01 with a German reporter after visiting Ground Zero On 9/11
_RangerNV The silver lining in you not buying the Bills is that you can HOPEFULLY rescue what's left of this country&amp; RUN! So true!
They should have rebuilt the two buildings of the World Trade Center exactly as they were
I can't believe that the judge in the Oscar Pistorious case has found him not guilty of murder. No one has been more guilty since O.J.!
_tina  I wish you were president sir!
Can you believe that our very stupid politicians released the leader of ISIS and now we are spending billions trying to get him back!
_el_mejor  Mr. Trump you are one of the people I most admire ! Greetings from Venezuela!. Thanks.
  trump you will make the greatest president since Lincoln Wow
 Seriously there is nobody who can fix this country but you. It's now or never! We need you.    So true!
  you should be the next president Don Thanks.
 The American public will fall deeper in debt and will crush our middle class. Another plan of our Socialistic President.
   Saudi Arabia are nothing but mouth pieces
  Great point! Freedom is not free and the American people are tired of paying for it! It's time for other nations to pay up!
  That's right we aided in their wealth and their silence on this matter demonstrates their acceptance.
_schrock  So true.. They should pay up for our protection
____  Saudi Arabia is already paying ISIS
  you are 100% right. Enough is enough.
  Great question...agreed
  They should pay us FREE OIL for the next 100 years.
  Donald in the House. You nailed it down.
 Obama's mind
Tell Saudi Arabia and others that we want (demand!) free oil for the next ten years or we will not protect their private Boeing 747s.Pay up!
Middle Eastern countries must participate militarily (no running away) and big league financially in order for us to go in and save them!
I just want to know how much is Saudi Arabia and others who we are helping willing to pay for our saving from total extinction. Pay up now!
If Obama resigns from office NOW
Attention Arnold Palmer  Happy Birthday
Flashback from October
Imposing dunes on the Aberdeenshire coastline
 Donald Trump Talks Joan Rivers 38 stories high
Where serenity meets luxury Trump Natl Jupiters Spa offers treatments which help restore youthful vitality I made a great deal of money in Atlantic City
  Would you please run for President? People respect you!!! And know you don't play around!
  Thank you!!! Love Buffalo! My great honor!
  I would definately vote for you 
  For President 
  you speak the truth True!
Always remember that the future comes one day at a time. - Dean Acheson
Windmills are the greatest threat in the US to both bald and golden eagles. Media claims fictional global warming is worse.
ICYMI
In '09
Why are we giving away our entire strategy and tactics we will deploy against ISIS? It puts our troops at a disadvantage.
Fact  Obama still has not fixed the backend of the ObamaCare website. This could be the greatest internet boondoggle in history.
Boasting  &amp;  5 Star ratings
Soaring 92 stories
  please announce miss universe 2014 host as soon as possible  Very soon.
  thank you for your support  You're welcome.
  loved that season!!!!!  Everyone did
_Fringe _Rivers You were a good friend to Joan and I enjoyed the Apprentice show with her.  Thanks
The Trump Signature Collection  available  offers top new designs for your fall wardrobe. Dress your best!  Always good to see  Rock and Rollin' at the Aerosmith show. Joeit was great meeting youfantastic concert.
 What kind of president doesn't get playing golf after a cruel beheading isn't the thing to do? Detached from reality he is
  _business  New poll states that a record number of Americans have lost all faith in President Obama - duh!
Everything you can imagine is real. Pablo Picasso
Learning is a new beginning we can give ourselves every day.  Trump How to Get Rich
With the labor participation rate at a 36 yr. low
 Please do more Apprentices'
If amnesty is so popular according to the DC ruling class
Home of the iconic Ailsa
  Joan was a great woman. always funny and she had excellent chemistry with you on Celebrity Apprentice!
 Our  was AWESOME as as Bill Belichick
  you made joan rivers very happy when u rightfully chose her to win apprentice.
  when am I gonna get to see some more of The Apprentice??? I miss seeing you weekly!  Soon!
   it just blows the mind that this President is still in office.
_ Might buy a tv just to see  on Monday mornings on  Great.
  You can bet your rear-ends that D. T.  WOULD have a strategy
__________IAN No one respects golf more than me
  getting a lot of praise from  on Fox News about Joan Rivers funeral.  Howard did a great job!
   now that I know you're on every Monday
  Mr. Trump sure would like to see you run for president! Thank you!
 It was awesome Seeing you at the Ryder cup announcement last week! So glad to have the PGA of America coming to your course Tnx!
I will be on Fox &amp; Friends  at 7.00 a.m. (30 minutes). Enjoy!
 Joan Rivers funeral Donald Trump
 Hearing that Donald Trump went to Joan Rivers's funeral breaks my heart
Getting ready to pay final respect to GREAT LADY Joan Rivers. She could light up a room like no other! She will be greatly missed.
We just finished shooting a new season of Celebrity Apprentice and happily for all
Joan Rivers had great talent
I will be going to the funeral of my friend Joan Rivers today. I got to know her really well when she became the winner of The Apprentice!
  Thanks for the endorsement but there's far more entertaining folk than me out there. There's Donald Trump for one.
    The difference is Successful people like the Trumps need no excuses.  Thanks!
 TRUMP = TRIUMPH = TRUMP Find the differences?? Next president!! 
  seriously - USA could use a man like you running this country! We could be great again!   Thank you!
One of the big problems facing Atlantic City are the ridiculously high real estate taxes which I fought for years before leaving.Corruption!
  I hope you run for president when Obama's corrupted term is done.
  I am a proud member of your over 2 million twitter followers. I get inspired all the time by your story.
  any plans to come back to Dubai  - looking forward to playing 18 on your course!  Great!
  can't imagine living a day in your shoes. It must be remarkable. But never easy!
  anyone that knows you
  we love you Mr. Trump. Thank you!
  Mr trump will u save America and run? I know the job sucks but we need it fixed. So true!
  hard not think Atlantic City and not think of you..you're an icon there and always will be
  Trump is Trump-Card to Success in USA ! Make him President of USA
Remember
  ...in India we LOVE Donald Trump. Wake up
  you and your family amaze me
  Pecfect! Why aren't you President?
  probably one of the most beautiful  ladies to walk the planet
  Mara-a-Lago is unbelievably spectacular.  Thank you!
 
 If Trump was President
 . We need a Trump Tower in Atlanta. I will buy the first unit.  Great!
 The Art of the Deal got me off my ass and got me in the game. We all have 24 hours in a day. No excuses for me. Thanks!
I just started construction of The Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Avenue in D.C. Many jobs. Will be finest hotel in U.S. Watch it happen!
Attention all hackers You are hacking everything else so please hack Obama's college records (destroyed?) and check place of birth
President Obama has just reached an ALL-TIME low approval rating! Is anybody surprised? The happiest person is former President Jimmy Carter
I'm not saying to not give vaccines
 !   imagine how mad you'd be to watch your healthy child crash hard after vaccine then doctors mock you
 Mr. Trump with  is developing the iconic  in . _th If you want to test a man's character
     insist  starts in utero or genetic
Great event last night  with  to support    The ObamaCare website was hacked. $5B dollars later and the site cant even secure your personal information.
China is going to complete 59 new theme parks by 2020
USMC Sgt. Tahmooressi has now been held in Mexican jail for over 150 days. When will Obama call for his release? 
Best of luck to  on his  debut this Sunday.
Must read quote by  in  article Builders race to develop sky-high condo buildings Taking risks &amp; making mistakes is the best way to learn something new. Most of the time you will surprise yourself -Trump Never Give Up
The Mar-a-Lago Club
 just home from great couple of days at . Tremendous golf course
In memory of Joan Rivers- watch when she became my Celebrity Apprentice- which meant so much to her!   just played Trump aberdeen yesterday
Peace is not absence of conflict
Joan Rivers _Rivers was an amazing woman and a great friend. Her energy and talent were boundless. She will be greatly missed.
Mold yourself into the person who can do big things.  Think Big
Senator Landrieu
Any American who fights w/ ISIS in Iraq or Syria should have their passport revoked. If they try to come back in
China continues to be on the move both technologically and militarily. Obama is sitting by and watching.
As we are learning the hard way both domestically &amp; internationally
The next generation of luxury
I attended  concert last night in Newark
So many people who have children with autism have thanked meamazing response. They know far better than fudged up reports!
I'm not against vaccinations for your children
_JustIn Waking up early and studying my idol  Go get 'em!
 My friend's son
   has some of best books out there. no fluff. real grit. real world wins.
Trump Int'l Golf Links &amp; Hotel
Entrepreneurs Do not view any failure as the final say for your efforts. Learn your lessons quickly
Entrepreneurs  See yourself as victorious Look at the solution
Entrepreneurs Never give up. Be tough. Apply your skills and talent
Entrepreneurs Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities
Entrepreneurs  Put everything you've got into what you're doing. Know  exactly what you want and go for it.  Nothing should be haphazard.
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower.  Steve Jobs
 Class act . Way to go.  big props!  Thanks.
 What better way to start a movie than having  in the first 3 min. Yes I'm watching Zoolander on   Great!
 _B_Stuart  Trump is a hero - 1 of the last standing vocals who says whatever he pleases. Nothing like that kinda candor Thx
  Thank you for supporting American values. That's easy!
  Mr. Trump
   Just watched your ALS ice bucket challenge. BIG RESPECT to you  Thank you.
  stayed your new hotel in Chicago this past weekend. One of the best places I've stayed Thanks. 
  Her son was over-vaccinated.     Erik's story breaks my heart. Vaccines destroyed his family.    Hair-raising stuff as golf mogul  proves that it is his real hair with his   Thanks.
   I loved your ALS  challenge! I'm so happy that you showed real men can do it! Obama NOT! Thanks
I am being proven right about massive vaccinationsthe doctors lied. Save our children &amp; their future.
No more massive injections. Tiny children are not horsesone vaccine at a time
Treat yourself to the pinnacle of luxury public golf at  white sand $250M premiere course Looking forward to being at the  announcement tonight.
Young entrepreneurs  be patient and continue to work with determination. With hard work
The idea flow from the human spirit is absolutely unlimited. All you have to do is tap into that well. - _welch
  what a great sport!!  Good job!!   Thank you.
I succeeded by saying what everyone else is thinking. - _Rivers
Watch  and  accept my - . He's answered the call!  responds to 's !   I never thought you would do it! Great video and for a great cause. Well done sir!  Thx
The  app in -   it shows u r a class act by doing the ice bucket challenge.. Unlike our president..  Thank you.
     It is fine that despite your achievements

  Wishing her well!  She was awesome when she was on Celebrity Apprentice!  Very smart. True!  _Rivers
 New hairstyle for Donald Trump? We think it looks great all slicked back!   Maybe I will do it somedaythx!
  hey our week at your vegas hotel was very nice. Classy hotel. We will return Great
 Just Amazing! Well done! Great you accepted that challenge ! Personally I had no doubts about that! Thanks
 We just received a  by  for our 2014 Celebrity  Auction    Way to go 
 You don't have to be President to make a difference
AngieApon I think you should try wearing your hair combed back.  It looked good when you slicked it back Mr. Trump ;)  May happen
  There are no words to describe this. My boss  is awesome!   Woah! Well done fella. I honestly thought for all these years that was a wig. See
  You are the man Mr Trump. Your ALS Challenge was epic and all it represented. Love to the fam. Thanks Lorenzo.
   The media who loves Donald during non election time would screw him in a prez bid. Cant even trust Fox
  I dream to own a house in trump towers mumbai 
  For president 
  THE DON 2016!!! I CAN SEE IT NOW!
 Mr. Trump i seriously love you
  Trump tower Mumbai Golden opportunity      i don't follow politics but i know if you ran for president i would vote for you!!!  You are my idol! I'm stuck in a company that takes my talent for granted! At my breaking point! Give me strength DT! Get out!
  I would finally register to vote if you ran. You would be an awesome president.  
   THE DONALD 2016
 The ISIS thug who murdered Amer James Foley may hv been Gitmo detainee   Please run for President!!!!
 gorgeous building in Chicago from a true self made American and he cannot brand his own masterpiece?  
  _Rivers Donald you speak the truth .
  will u please run for president
  I agree. U would think that with all of that oil money they would create their own fighting force.
  _Rivers you nailed it Donald!! Full of energy the day before!!
  we've got some political s'stuff'that has to go
 MrTrump
  Successful Business 101 If  buys
 words. My Nephew is a US Marine soon to be heading into harms way again. It's gonna be a long 7 months for us. Good luck
   Please run for president
  your a very smart man and more people should follow in your footsteps Thank you!
Saudi Arabia should fight their own wars
Have you been watching how Saudi Arabia has been taunting our VERY dumb political leaders to protect them from ISIS. Why aren't they paying?
Remember this
In my book
What is happening in Atlantic City
_B_Stuart  Loved your ice bucket challenge. I hope everyone shuts up about your hair now.
._Rivers   Get well soon Joan - keep fighting!
Every big thinker has had to start as a nobody. Just think big &amp; that immediately distinguishes you from the majority.  Think Big
  At last
 Way 2go!  You created awareness for MILLIONS. Looking 4ward to  &amp;  Thanks Butch.
Obama once said he would be ignoring the law by granting amnesty through executive action. Now hes about to do it. What will Congress do?
  I officially accept 's ... Very good Eric
Via  But did his hair survive?  &amp;  dump water over Donald Trump

Via  by Jeffrey Lord Donald Trump Takes Ice Bucket Challenge  Dares Obama   when are you deciding if you will run in 2016? You got my vote! Thanks!
Good luck and best wishes to my dear friend
 For those of you who wanted a picture here it is- ICYMI The ALS  that Trumps them all- The ALS  that Trumps them all- I have asked the reigning Miss Universe and Miss USA to do the honors. At least I will not have to wash my hair this morning! Enjoy.
I will be doing the A.L.S. Ice Bucket Challenge this morning on twitter. It is not something I look forward to doing but is for a good cause
   Melania would make a great first lady
We have got to get our Marine out of that disgusting Mexican jail. Would be so easy if we had a real leader. One tough phone call &amp; he's out
 Donald Trump is hands down the best Mac Miller song  So true!
  Sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make.  Donald Trump _danna  I love Donald Trump. People are just jealous. I admire his family. Good man that would be a great Potus
   Yes
Congratulations to _McDowell and . Your baby has seriously good genes
 Tell me one industry  does not have a business in  There are many!
 Please run for president. It's been a long time since we've had an honest president. You are called to do great things.
  I can't help thinking how great the USA would be if you were president!
 I took the Ice Bucket Challenge and I nominate  to follow me! Just watch my Twitter tomorrow!
.. Bo
  Good job
 Homer Simpson Nominates  to do the  check out the video clip   Trump trumps the field at Pro-Lady Team  .   I think I'm going to accept the - stay tuned to my Twitter tomorrow.
Obama will grant amnesty to millions of illegals yet he has not lifted a finger for USMC Sgt. Tahmooressi! . 
Congratulations to  on Emmys Rating Tumble   I think Washington or Lincoln would endorse  if they were still around Thank you.
. award winning dining options also offer the best views of the city . is the only Forbes 5 Star &amp; 5 Diamond hotel with a 5 Star &amp; Five-Diamond restaurant in NYC Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other.

Remember
     report this~ . is Sin Citys most elite destination. Treat yourself to Vegas most luxurious hotel rooms Via  by  Poll Hispanics

A state legislator w/ a true record of accomplishments
Its Tuesday. How many jobs has ObamaCare cost the economy today?
Young entrepreneurs  be resolute in your drive for success. Gain momentum. Once you succeed
Via _news by   Giving back is a priority for me With the record $200M renovations on track &amp; budget (a miracle in DC)
Emmy Awards show was terrible last night. Same shows winning over and over again (politics). Amazing race a joke. Host Seth Meyers bombed!
   God awful show. Many excellent shows were snubbed that were much better.
    - so talentless
_heather  you are correct. Emmys were awful.
    He was really terrible. Has he always been this unfunny or was he mailing it in?
   Seth Myers is unwatchable. I don't know how he got his own late night talk show.
  Emmys are a joke. the donald needs to fix them like he did with the Miss Universe pageant.
 Couldn't agree more!    Seth Meyers just set the Emmys back 30 years! Terrible.
  Kimmel was way funnier than Meyers. I don't think I laughed once at anything Seth said.
 Seth Meyers lame 'act' proving  correct;  are almost unwatchable.
  called it the  are going to awful! 
  Seth Meyers just set the Emmys back 30 years! Terrible!
He who demands little gets it. - Ellen Glasgow
_Media Donald Trump ISIS 'Awakens the Lion' With Journalist Beheading (includes  video)

. is the most competitive GOP option against Obamas amnesty loving . He can win!
Obama sent weapons through Benghazi to ISIS yet he is holding up shipments to Israel. What is he thinking?
Obamas motto If I dont go on tax payer funded vacations &amp; constantly fundraise then the terrorists win.
Once the ISIS thug who beheaded Foley is identified 100%
  _ I have never laughed at one thing from Seth Meyers or Jon Stewart.
  I dont get the whole thing with Seth Meyers either. Kinda bland..
_  never got why seth meyers was funny
  i was just ranting about this to my wife! He has nothing and you're the only one honest enough to say it.
  you should run for presidnet Thanks.
   also can you be our president. Because you would be amazingggg.
We will now be helping Syria and Iran by attacking ISIS - ironic
That Seth Meyers is hosting the Emmy Awards is a total joke. He is very awkward with  almost no talent. Marbles in his mouth!
I will be on  at 7.30 A.M.
   THE DONALD SHOULD BE PRESIDENT
  Would you consider an appointment like Sec. Of defense? Or Treasury? 
  Everyone wants to back you for '16. Don't think Hillary can take you if you have a well rounded team.
  Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel Obvious moron at conformation hearings.The worst I have ever witnessed
  mr trump- played your bedminister course today.. Best country club in US  Many agree
_pumpkin You're the man.We need you as our President. Not a man who gives free money away like candy.We work hard for our money!
 DonaldTrump Pls don't run for president. If you do and win
Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel seems so lost and
 DonaldTrump - I would LOVE..LOVE to see debates between D and (we assume) Hillary. Talk about a PPV event. D is great!
  if you run for President I will go door to door convincing people to vote for you.  Thanks!
 So much hate on  . People need to calm down and understand what this nation needs.  Thank you!
   It would be an answer to our prayers for you to bring us up out of this horrible hell we are in now
  I would vote for you sir. Never again will I vote for a career politician like . I did
    I regret voting for O. I thought he would be great. He's spineless and weak. Worst prez ever. Clearly
     I nominate you
  for president 2016! Please! Our nation needs to be saved! I agree!
 Anytime you have something on an ocean
 Michael McEwan of Bunkered magazine recently had the opportunity to meet Mr.Trump  Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war. ~ Donald Trump
 In the end
_of_twit People I'd pay to see do that bucket thing Donald Trump
The Greater Miami area and numerous others are fighting hard to get the Miss Universe Pageant. A decision will be made very soon!
 Great job on the Turnberry Resort Donald!   in Scotland which I saw this week while in Scotland.  Thanks.
Via  by _writes  tower unit sets resale record at $3.99M Chalk failure up to experience
Trump Natl Jupiters  designed course is a challenging &amp; innovative 7
Towering over trendy Bay Street
 My wife
    Donald
   - saw the NYC Trump buildings this past wknd! amazing! Can't wait to go back n see more! Great
 I frequently sport your French cuffed shirts. Fit to a tee and always receive compliments. Very well done   Thx.
 It's no secret that  is my hero. Think big. Work  Thanks Jill
On beautiful Lake Norman
The Trump Signature Collection
On 800 beautiful acres in Miami
 your name on the building much ado about nothing. Thx 4 making such a beautiful addition to skyline 46 stories in the center of downtown New York
 my first time in Chicago. Walking along the river and this was my view. Absolutely stunning hotel!   it's scary to think we have Obama for 2 more years. we need a leader like you to change the course of this nation! Thank you.
You may have to try a lot of things to get just one thing to work. Thats tenacity
  if Donald puts his mind to it
   I own half dozen Trump ties. Make the best knots
The ISIS thug who murdered American journalist James Foley may have been Gitmo detainee    hope you run for  and win to shake up  and the  we need you
  Our country is in trouble with the worst leadership possible. How are we going to fix this? Smarts &amp; toughness!
   simply amazing!  Thank you.
A world-famous testament to architectural excellence
An investment in life
Our politically correct country will read the ISIS terrorists who beheaded the reporter their Miranda Rights prior to good food &amp; care!
   the world would love you to put up or shut up Donald. I think u CAN do it
  Taking my daughter on a date. Only the best tonight!  ISIS made a big mistake with the beheading of the reporter. Even people against intervention want them blown into oblivion. LEADERSHIP!
  The Donald would have this country back on track and turning a profit by the end of his first term. True.
  While Obama vacations
   Mr.  for President 2016! PLEASE RUN. IF THERE'S A GOD
   Trump warned USA about O. He had it correctly. True!
    I would love Donald to run.... Never seen such a lightweight administration that we have now
 Mr.  for President 2016!
  always knows what to say. I love the  Thank you.
_M  Thanks Monique!
Re Negotiation Persistence can go a long way. Being stubborn can be good. The key is to know when to loosen up.
Re Negotiation Patience is an enormous virtue &amp; needs to be cultivated for successful negotiations on any level.
Re Negotiation Know exactly what you want &amp; focus on that. View conflict as an opportunitythis will expand your mind and your horizons.
Believe you can and you're halfway there.

   That is absolutely SPECTACULAR.  Although for the Trumps
The first General killed in a combat zone since Vietnam
Destiny has a part to play in your life and in your businessso give it a chance to work.  Think Like a Champion
.'s golf courses The Red Tiger
Est. in 1906
  All the artsy types need to relax. Sign looks great
On 59th &amp; Park Avenue
On 59th &amp; Park Avenue
 Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities
When everyone works with the same energy
A 7
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new.

If you can't explain it simply
. highest rated wine in Virginia
Perception about India has changed
Via  by  Donald Trump plans to build a Trump Tower in Mumbai _Pack  you got my vote.
  your the best in the world for hotels /resorts....why not be our best in history as president? Just watch!
Just started building one of the great hotels of the World in Washington
  nothing like the delusions of a moron. Just what America needs. Very nice
  = next president. I can tell you one thing
 Donald Trump investing in luxury hotels in India is a great news. Enjoyed Interesting interview on CNNIBN
  Please run in 2016 Mr Trump we need a new commander in chief  That's for sure!
 it'd be a good thing for USA if  be POTUS in 2016.
_  is a true entrepreneur indeed. Smart decision maker and a great leader. I admire you
Such amazing people in India. This trip is very enlightening!
I just had an amazing day in Mumbai
_jaynyc if it's one person i admire
  played your spectacular course in westchester; hit it to 1'7 on 13; awesome hole  Without  passion you don't have energy
__ I look like Donald Trump when he made his first 1 million  You must be great looking!
Be ready for problems. Youll have them every day
Entrepreneurs Resolve to be bigger than your problems. Whos the boss?
Entrepreneurs  Keep your momentum. Without momentum
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. - Walt Disney
Diligence is the mother of good luck.  - Benjamin Franklin
The  Spa offers 5 star services
If you are passionate about your endeavors
Host of the 2022  &amp; 2017 
Via  by _chat Donald Trump plans investment in India betting on Modi government Just watched Full Metal Jacket
Robin Williams was a truly wonderful actor &amp; comedian. One of the few people who could make me laugh. Very tragic.
Do not view any failure as the end. Learn your lessons quickly
Remember that fear can be conquered. Go full throttle
We would accomplish many more things if we did not think of them as impossible. - 

   _Charlotte Plus he has his own water.   Hope you had a great weekend with your gorgeous wife. Very nice
 RT  The secret of getting ahead is getting started.  Mark Twain
_talks Have to meet  in the morning. Good night.
A spectacular lake front club w/  dramatic course designed by 
. 176 rooms  have floor-to-ceiling windows providing unparalleled views of Central Park &amp; NYC .  Power Player of the Week interview with Chris Wallace The secret of getting ahead is getting started.  Mark Twain
_77  you're a true champion Mr. Trump!  Thank you.
    I have read it back to back - where i get my motivation from. Donald Trump is a rare gem. Nice!
Sorry
  Saw Show on IVANKA Fox News. Very good. She is a great role modellike you
_Yay Trump is my new idol. His pastor was Norman Vincent Peale?!  - Can't wait to read the Art of the Deal.
  you should be the president Thanks!
 My Dad
   And the answer ISN'T Hillary or Pocahontas Warren for $300...
    Donald Trump &amp; Ben Carson 2016 Wow! I LIKE IT !!! Run Donald
_business      If Mr. Trump was our next POTUS our economy would improve &amp; jobs would be created.
  Home or abroad
_Murph_ We need smart people like  in office -  he can get America back on it's feet
We need a President who isn't a laughing stock to the entire World. We need a truly great leader
The World as we know it is falling apart. Much of the blame can be attributed to the fact that the United States is no longer respected!
  Donald Trump &amp; Ben Carson 2016 Wow!
.  A quote you'd like. You have undertaken to cheat me. I won't sue you
_69  Bush never should've sent our troops there to begin with!I have said that for many years
  u need to have a talk show of your own. It would really be big because u have interesting views. I agree
  wish he would just resign he is hurting America now other parts of the world Obama is a disaster
 Obama is partying at The WH with corrupt African leaders
____ I just bought  and   Great
 Donald Trump Still My Favorite Song!!
  when is Celebrity Apprentice returning? Love that show &amp; you! In the Fall
   Trump University had 98% approval ratings
If you know the enemy and know yourself you need not fear the results of a hundred battles. - 

  best ties anywhere class all the way  Thanks.
Same CDC which is bringing Ebola to US misplaced samples of anthrax earlier this year Ebola's spread is 'unprecedented' says CDC chief    for all of your faults
Obama will send troops back into Iraq combat zone. Dont believe anything he says. Just covering for his mistakes.
With 18 beautiful holes
Iraq is more dangerous today than any time under Saddam. War was a mistake
Via  by Editorial Board New Yorks mute  . Dozens of key staffers fleeing  office _   Surprise only happens when Obama does something right. You can expect no surprises. True.
One of  top public courses
The new winner of the  pageant K. Lee Graham What other country tells the enemy when we are going to attack like Obama is doing with ISIS. Whatever happened to the element of surprise?
Sorry
 You have to admit  was correct
ObamaCare premiums rising 13.2% in 2015 These are something I just can't buy. Excited for the      Donald Trump and his son Eric Trump do massive amount of charity Thank you!
 RT  We should not be importing the disease to our homeland. Completely agree
  for president 
 Can't wait till  is president I don't blame you
 Watch out
 One of Donald Trump's philosophies If someone screws you
 Donald Trump by  will forever be one of my favs   I understand why!
Discipline is a key ingredient for success. It will build character
Young entrepreneurs  remember quality and results are the key metrics to success.
Located in South Ayrshire
With over 260 5 Star guest rooms &amp; suites  is 65 stories of pure luxury in the center of downtown Toronto Vision remains vision until you focus
Investors are visionaries in some respectsthey look beyond the present.
Remain open to new ideas. That's where innovation begins.
Learning never exhausts the mind.

  I hate to admit it but I'm with you on this one.
SECURE THE BORDER! BUILD A WALL!
The belief that security can be obtained by throwing a small state to the wolves is a fatal delusion.-Winston Churchill
Thanks  for your nice statement  . I just want to do as well as you have with . See u soon
Think big. Stay focused. Be passionate. Dont ever give up
Congratulations to  on his recent 26th year anniversary. Rush has revolutionized talk radio! Sorry haters and losers!
The Village _Charlotte offers a variety of 5 Star dining experiences for everyday dining &amp; catered affairs We are going through contentious primaries now but the GOP must unite. Lets take the Senate and stop Obamas dangerous agenda.
The $200M in renovations of Trump Intl Washington DC are on track. The Old Post Office is being transformed into true luxury.
Its Tuesday. How many fundraisers
The ultimate vacation destination
Congratulations to  on being named the  Power Player of the Week Via  by Eugene R. Dunn Impeach Obama and elect Trump Thank you
Being true to yourselfwill give you a lot of power over any negatives thrown your way.  Midas Touch
Doctors have already died treating Ebola Our government now imports illegal immigrants and deadly diseases. Our leaders are inept.
 Just bought a  tie from  it's beautiful
So many people are agreeing with me on not creating a highway for Ebola to the U.S. Started in small area of Africa and now spreading fast
 I agree! MT  Doctor on  agreed we should not bring  into country in two patients
  Your opinions on  were outstanding and intelligent. If only we could channel some of this common sense to the WH..
 I really like the  collection
  
 In the end
 Our current government doesn't have the balls to do what needs to be done....Yet ANOTHER reason for you to Run!
 Oh
  New York City hospital testing patient for possible Ebola infection... The bigger problem with Ebola is all of the people coming into the U.S. from West Africa who may be infected with the disease. STOP FLIGHTS!
A doctor on NBC Nightly News agreed with me-we should not bring Ebola into our country through two patients
Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau
Focus on your goals
Briarcliff  Manor should get a better town manager. Philip Zegarelli has no cluebad roads
Mayor Bill Vescio of Briarcliff  Manor
One of the tallest office buildings in downtown NYC
We should have taken the oil in Iraq
Isis terror group has now fully taken over large sections of Iraq
_Senior Mr Trump sir
 . for prez 2016 cuz 
  I hate myself for following you... But you just have no control over yourself
   Explain? He's a pollster?  Yes
. works really hard but is a guy who just doesn't have it - a total loser!
  He seems to be doing the right thing. He's taking a stand for America and asking 4 some common sense about Ebola.
  i agree it does seem crazy
  They knew the risk when they went to Africa. They choose it freely.
 Looking forward to my work week in  and my favorite Rooftop restaurant  best view! 
 I find  and his tweets thoroughly entertaining!
The fact that we are taking the Ebola patients
The U.S. must immediately stop all flights from EBOLA infected countries or the plague will start and spread inside our borders. Act fast!
  U need 2 run 4 office
  To all the liberal do gooders
_louise_007  I agree!!!!!
  I agree 100%
_VGomez  Yes !! The government is bringing them back here so the outbreak can start here too !!
  You are right about the Ebola patients. It's a deadly virus
  you want sense ? Listen to  !
If you read my last number of tweets
The ObamaCare website is in the news again - it is turning out to cost even more than previously thought
So many lives and two trillion dollars wasted
Just as I have been predicting for years
The U.S. cannot allow EBOLA infected people back. People that go to far away places to help out are great-but must suffer the consequences!
._Cameron  Why do you give Scotland so much money to destroy their magnificent land with wind turbines-causing massive taxes &amp; E bills
._Cameron As Prime Minister
If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing

    thanks a really nice addition to the Doral neighborhood. Thank you.
Obamas war on women. Number of Unemployed Women Increased in July by 227
Sometimes life hits you in the head with a brick. Don't lose faith. - Steve Jobs
.
Stop the EBOLA patients from entering the U.S. Treat them
    Not more beautiful than ! She is just soooooo beautiful! I happen to agree!
    Congrats  good choice
    knows how to run organizations.Has a proven track record. Most importantly-He's respected
   Only if the price is right will Mr. Trump make this deal.
Ebola patient will be brought to the U.S. in a few days - now I know for sure that our  leaders are incompetent. KEEP THEM OUT OF HERE!
    I'll admit Trump ties are most beautiful.
  advancing to next round of bidding for . He would be  for  and everything in general.
 Got my first paycheck today. Watch out  I'm right on you're heels Great going
    &amp; you have INCREDIBLE kids!!! By far your best work  Very nice
  Donald
If our border is not secure
With our weakened dollar
Developing your talent requires work
Trump Intl Palm Beach offers a spectacular course
If Vera Coking had taken my millions of $s like she should have
Vera Coking saved me mucho money by turning down my offerthanks Vera!
Vera Coking made a big mistake in Atlantic City by turning down many millions of $s years ago for property that just sold for $530
From ABC News In Demand Washington's Highest (and lowest) Speaking Fees  by Scott Wilson . river
I support K-9s for Warriors
_  
 Got my Dad a Trump tie from Macy's for Father's Day. he loves it. he says it's the best tie he's ever owned! Great.
_juice   I know exactly what it is... and you're it  Thanks.
  4 President!!!
  
  You do have awesome ties. I have several.   Thanks.
  will be our strongest leader since Reagan I agree
   I have the two ties on the right..great quality as they never loose their shape and tie a perfect knot.
 If  seriously takes a stab at presidency
 Casey/Melissa wedding )  Jonathan Truhan
 Only man qualified to be president in 2016 is  Thank you-I guarantee that the U.S.A. will be respected again!
It takes guts to be a brand. You cannot be all things to all people if you want to be a brand. - Midas Touch
In order to be successful
 _Ireland  About to check in for 3 days!! Driving in as I type! Course looks amazing!  Enjoy!
In any business
Each life is made up of mistakes and learning
It's time for Mountain State to have a Senator who will stop Obamas war on coal. This November send DC a message
Home ownership is at a 19 year low. If you can
Obama should work on a ceasefire in Chicago as well as Gaza.
PM _Cameron should be run out of office for spending so much of Englands money to subsidize windfarms in Scotland.
I cant believe that Prime Minister _Cameron is giving massive subsidy to Scotland to destroy itself with windfarms.
Each of the 176 magnificent luxury suites and guestrooms at  provide a sophisticated urban appeal   is example of how Success is earned!!  Everyday is an opportunity to get after it!   Thank you.
   Yes Donald seen it in Chicago last month too
  when does the trump tower in Vancouver bc open up? The pool bar is gonna be awesome 1 year
Via  Central Park Horse Show To Make Inaugural Debut in NYC Sept 18-21

Watch this tour by 's _Griffith1 of this luxurious penthouse in Trump Park Avenue-   had dinner there for my 25th Wedding Anniversary! Absolutely beautiful! Great
_MikeP   saw the Trump letters on hotel for first time. Very tasteful and classy. Hotel is an architectural gem. Thank you
  knows how to run a business and he knows how to run a country. So true!
 You are truely my hero  That's great
._Reed83. Congratulations Andre
  Even i want you to become the president of the United States and i'm from Britain!    Cute!
  Thank You for donating a trac chair to the wounded warriors.It's much appreciated. My honor
Celebrated doctor  will be a tremendous Senator. Louisiana  send a Conservative to the Senate
Environmental regulations stop Border Patrol from protecting 40% of the border When in doubt
Youth unemployment is at a record high. ObamaCare is a job destroyer which is ruining aspiring careers. It must be repealed.
Watch  Obama will not fix the illegal immigrant loophole. Instead he will sign another executive action giving more amnesty.
My   int. on the border crisis
Along with two championship courses on the Potomac River
Obama spoke to the Mexican president last week &amp; did not mention UMC Sgt. Tahmooressi. Sad!
Get our Marine out of Mexico. _one  I just finished reading your book Think Like A Champion. Great stuff. Positive thoughts
Be ready for problems-youll have them every day. Keep your focus and be as big as your daily challenges.  Trump Never Give Up
  staff at Trump Doral was amazing. Made my visit wonderful. Blue course is awesome. Doral as it should be Great
The ultimate Golf experience
  Saw  's Las Vegas hotel. The 24-karat gold infused windows are impressive! Rise high in affordable luxury. Trump Parc Stamford offers gracious living with entertainment spaces  All we can say is WOW! What would you say?   A big thanks 
 What a day at   Course is unreal.   What an amazing course  Got to get yourself there to play.   RT Trump International Golf Links Scotland truly stunning Photo by     prepared for his Scottish Open victory at .Check out the video below.  Good fun yesterday slapping it around Trump International Golf Links with  and Sammy  The 18th hole at  Int.Golf Links. This golf course is very impressive and a great test   Is Obama the worst President ever? Top of the list!
 I don't know if y'all know it but  seriously might be our next president. We will soon see!
 I know for a fact you would do a hell lot of a better Job if you were the president of the United States instead of Obama! True
 I want you to be president!  Thanks.
  you should run instead of just talk about it. you'd probably win. Remember your words Jake!
  . just said
    what a timeless classic these two are! Class &amp; Beauty!  Thank you!
 I'd vote for  Thank you!
 What will make you decide to run for President  ? America needs a leader that can guarantee change.
  where is Al Gore now! Coolest Summer On Record In The US | Real Science It's late in July and it is really cold outside in New York. Where the hell is GLOBAL WARMING??? We need some fast!  It's now CLIMATE CHANGE
Successful leaders see the opportunities in every difficulty rather than the difficulty in every opportunity.- Reed Markham
Central American presidents are blaming us for the influx of illegal immigration The Republicans owe an apology for blowing the 2012 election. How could they lose to Obama?!
Obama can sign an illegal executive action anytime for ObamaCare but he cant fix the illegal loophole.
This summer is very tough for the nations worst AG . Moreland Commission is his disaster.
Opening in 2016
Watched Gennady Golovkin  at MSG on Saturday night. He was fantasticshould fight !
 BIG congrats to  on your DC hotel ground breaking.  Thank you.
     'good looking family.'  Thank  you.
. provides luxury accommodations &amp; a championship Par 72 7
  played Trump Scotland as well as Turnberry...great experience!  Great
  when you take charge Mr Trump
So many major problems for the U.S.
  I am not surprised that Seth is absolutely dying in the ratings! He is truly an awkward
 _danielle  RUN FOR PRESIDENT MR. TRUMP!!! PLEASE!!? 
 . When is Celebrity Apprentice coming back? Its the best show on tv.   In the Fall
  Beautiful!! Trump National Golf Course.  Couldn't help but notice how crispy the  shirts look at Macy's! 
Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art.  Andy Warhol
Be objective and strive to be your own counselor. Listen to others but know the final decision is yours.  Think Like a Champion
Along with a soaring bar of sky-bound gold
  after i read The Art of the Deal i made it a goal to visit Trump tower. I visited in 91. Breathtaking. Thank you
An architectural landmark
Age is whatever you think it is. You are as old as you think you are. - 
Within the heart of beautiful Somerset County
I say we cannot continue to let Obama fly around on Air Force 1
_danielle  RUN FOR PRESIDENT MR. TRUMP!!! PLEASE!!? 
  You have to run for President in 2016 and save this country!  
I had a great time in D.C. yesterday at the Trump International Hotel- OPO groundbreaking ceremony. Watch- Sgt.Thamooressi has been held in Mexico for 115 Days. Mexico has zero respect for our border &amp; our servicemen. Boycott!  
 Just bought 's Think Like A Champion. Small book
It's not whether you get knocked down

Winners embrace hard work. - 
Donald Trump $200 Million D.C. Hotel Will Be Among Worlds Best Iran will only get stronger in Iraq with the latest civil war. We should have taken the oil immediately after the invasion.
The best way to build a successful business is by results. In the end
  Just played Trump International Scotland Everyone was thrilled. Fantastic golf course!  Thanks.
 The Donald's going to be saying You're Hired to lots of people in the District!  True!
Less than 1% of Obamas $4B immigration request will go towards immediate border security. A real scam. Enforce our laws now!
Obama is on yet another two-day West Coast fundraising swing. Has to fit it in before his 15 day tax-payer funded vacation.
  please please please run 2016
. What a dysfunctional Administration when Illegal Aliens get free &amp; better medical care then our Veterans. What a disgrace.
  God bless you for the jobs for so many unemployed! Can't wait for the new hotel! Fabulous
   much like taking over the gov. Ice rink
  creating jobs in Washington DC ~ while Obama goes fundraising 3K miles away..with major issues taking place
  it's great to see that the Trump name will be in DC  Thank you.
  Breaking ground in DC today. Trump for President 2016so much more ground to break!  Thanks!
 _7_7   Trump is a winner. EVERYONE knows that.Some LOSERS don't acknowledge it yet follow him
Today's groundbreaking at the Old Post Office Building in D.C. was amazing. Great people
. exceptional dining w/equally exceptional views of the city are exclusive world-class experiences  Happy to join  at kickoff of Hotel at the Old Post Office . A momentous day. Great job on Old Post Officewe will make you proud!
Wow
Article More illegals enter than people born in state each week.

Why is Washington ready to spend billions on care for illegals while our VA is still in shambles? Vets should be the priority.
Going to D.C. for big groundbreaking on Old Post Office site. Will be spectacular new hotel. Lots of jobs!
    Nice move! Worth while investment. Can't wait to see how well it's finished!
  Maybe the USA needs to cancel all the rest of Obama's vacations to actually deal with this.
We are now at a time
  Headed to Trump International Scotland today with 16 excited clients.. Great
 _hofmeyr  You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something sometime in your life. Winston Churchill
  reveals plans for all-new spa at  resort. Exclusive interview in today's 
   was out with people from Scotland last night..raved about course  Justin is a total winner
 The Donald  is in town. Find out why.  this morning.
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something
Thanks  for coming to my defense in Rolling Stone Magazine. As I have often said
The Trump Spa  is a serene sanctuary featuring luxurious spa treatment rooms saunas and steam rooms Trump Intl Palm Beach offers an award winning par 72 Championship measuring 7
. offers multiple award winning dining options in our all-new signature restaurant and lounges Concentration and mental toughness are the margins of victory. - Bill Russell
ObamaCare strikes again. Major insurer announced that over 53
It takes guts to win
I try to learn from the past
 Without passion you don't have energy
It takes guts to win!
I believe that President Obama is so overwhelmed by what is happening in the U.S. and throughout the World that he has totally given up!
 How would Donald Trump handle Vladimir Putin?  Who should be the 2016 GOP nominee? Participate in 1776 Coalition's live Poll.  'Many' say Donald Trump 'world's greatest writer of 140-character sentences' Obama wanted Putin to reset. Instead
Many people have said Im the worlds greatest writer of 140 character sentences.
Its Monday. How many fundraisers will Obama hold today?
. is terrific but for Obama to fly on Air Force One ($s) to do the show in these bad times is ridiculous.
Re Negotiation Realize that persistence can go a long way. Being stubborn is often an attribute.
Remember the old saying The more you learn
Give yourself a chancemake every day a discovery.
Every strike brings me closer to the next home run.  Babe Ruth
The Donald J.Trump Signature Collection
A top rated NY course by 
  just drove by trim tower in Chicago what a beauty  Thank you.
  only you can fix this country.   I agree!
  Take it away
   Thank u 4 outstanding service &amp; attention 2 detail 4 the Cowan/Martin wedding on Fri. .  Great job Rory - you have the heart and talent of a great champion. Work hard and win many more! See you at Turnberry.
I will be on Fox &amp; Friends at 7.00 (20 minutes). Plenty of terrible and tragic news to talk about! Too bad.
  Just had an AMAZING stay at Trump Tower Toronto. Hotel suberb
  Mr. Trump
  Your hair is magnificent. Don't let anyone tell you otherwise. What a nice guy!
 Scottish choir coming to New York in January. How would you like Scottish songs sung in the foyer of TrumpTower New York  Yes!
   The saddest moment in American history was the fact Obama was elected POTUS on broken promises
 .  FUTURE PRESIDENT TRUMP! YOU HAVE THE RIGHT MIND TO FIX THIS COUNTRY AFTER 8 YEARS OF NOBAMA  I agree!
  you are my inspiration. Great
Never confuse a single defeat with a final defeat. - F. Scott Fitzgerald
Create your own visual style... let it be unique for yourself and yet identifiable for others. - Orson Welles
In beautiful Pine Hill
See yourself as having a lot already
The Honolulu accommodations of  are the perfect merger of beauty and function

Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other.

 Drove by Turnberry hotel last night weather excellent
_WV  you are a winner.  Thank you.
   Maybe he will trump the competition.
  When's celebrity apprentice starting?  Just finished shooting - in the Fall.
_A  Winning isn't everything
 I love your quotes. They inspire me and always bring a smile to my face. I shall FIGHT until I draw my last breathe.  Nice.
  had an incredible day at Trump Bedminster. Bravo Mr. Trump Great.
 That's our President! That's why we need you to run in 2016! I know you would never waste our money! President Trump
  5 billion for a website we could have bought 50 F35 fighters or 5 Aircraft Carriers but we got a worthless website
 Looking forward to learning from the best    In Las Vegas doing a sales seminar. Staying at the trump hotel. Awesome place to stay!   Dinner at the Trump. Thanks  for the great view! Adversity is a fact of life. Be bigger than the problems
The 48
Problems are never truly hardships to winners
.'s 149 award winning guest rooms offer a perfect blend of Edwardian tradition and timeless design Winning isn't everything

Congrats to Obama &amp; Democrats. CBO has just announced that ObamaCare missed its uninsured target by half &amp; program costs extra $700B+.
You can always become better. - 
If Obama is concerned about the border
Obama claims that he needs an extra $4B to secure the border. Well then he should not have wasted $5B on the ObamaCare website.
 Wouldn't life as the president of the greatest country in the world be pretty boring compared to your life? Interesting!
  You got my vote! But please don't make the middle class suffer more! I have complete faith in you Donald!
 _Sherm  I would vote for him! IN a heartbeat!
 I'm seeing many tweets about  for President. Lets roll with that!
 Without Passion you don't have Energy..without Energy you have nothing Trump
   please run for President.We need someone to save our country!REALLY?   Yes
 Donald Trump for President!  Thank you.
_ DonaldTrump needs to to be the next president. Only person I can even think of that could fix such a f*ucked up nation
  Good advice for Romney during the last election - maybe this time he will listen.
  please run for President... We need someone to save our country!
 Please hear my prayers and run for president when the time comes!!! Please America needs you!!!  
   Amazing. The people you hire for design are incredible  Thanks.
  My cousin is getting married at your Club in Mooresville on April 25 2015. Tell them congratulations!
 Nobody knows location location location like  beautiful view from the terrace in Chicago Out of clutter
The acclaimed  soars 92 stories high. Youre either staying in  or in its shadow. No matter what you're managing
Awarded the prestigious 2014  5-Star Guide  is located in beautiful downtown Toronto The best vision is insight.

John Cahill is highly respected in all circlesreally nice to see that hes running for New York State Attorney General. 
Lucky for New York
Again
Tremendous cold wave hits large part of U.S. Lucky they changed the name from global warming to climate change - G.W. just doesn't work!
  I believe in one thing only
Diligence is the mother of good luck.  Benjamin Franklin
It's not that I'm so smart
Designed by 
. features wide open pristine fairways
Mexico sent USMC Andrew Tahmooressi back to jail after court hearing. Mexico does not respect our border or U.S. Boycott! 
Trump Illegal Immigrants Are Getting Treated Better than Vets 
On stunning Aberdeenshire coastline
Rickie Fowler  Instagram photos | Websta _White There is HOPE!! Thank God-  podcast- interview guest  Iran looks like it is toying with John Kerry on nuclear talks - he is begging for a deal to save face. Negotiation is just not his thing!
The  reported about the closing hotels in Atlantic City but knowingly failed to report that I am not involved
   Hands off - we need him as President here in Ireland - he has the golf club here so that's a start!!!!  Cute!
  Donald Trump for president!!!!  Great idea!
  I love t recent pole showing Obama as the worst pres and Bush as t 2nd worst since WWII lol!!!
Can you imagine trading five really bad enemies of the U.S. for the freedom of traitor Bergdahl. Just another bad deal!
Deserter Bergdahl returns to active duty as parents of brave soldiers killed looking for him grieve. Obama trying to play this mistake down!
  Success is not final
_clementsThere is only one person who should be crossing our southern border
  It seems you are the only one who speaks the truth. Wether we want to hear it or not...
  they renamed it Climate Change so it could be devastating either way the temperature goes.
The only global warming that people should be concerned with is the global warming caused by nuclear weapons because of our weak U.S. leader
The new hot term that they have recently invented is POLAR VORTEX - give me a break!
They only changed the term to CLIMATE CHANGE when the words GLOBAL WARMING didn't work anymore. Come on people
  played Trump Scotland last Tuesday
Refloating the Costa Concordia for many hundreds of millions of $'s is ridiculous. Should have taken it apart in small pieces - save fortune
It is a joke the amount of time that network news spends talking about the weather. No wonder their ratings are way down! Enough already.
Record cold temperatures in July - 20 to 30 degrees colder than normal. What the hell happened to GLOBAL WARMING?
Again
 Only followed  from across the pond for a couple of weeks
  are you overqualified to be president since you have actually held a job???? ) A very good question!
  trump for presidant! I've waited years for this to happen! 
  our country would be in better condition for future if you were in charge instead of this clown.  True.
  Please run for President. I will gladly work on your campaign.
  Now you have to listen to the bull when other people ran it into the ground.
_willi8 After watching fox this morning
   donald trump for president!
I can't believe that 60 Minutes is right now showing our nuclear facilities for the world to see (at request of U.S. leadership). STUPID!
  hoping NBC announces a premiere date of Apprentice today at press tour! Everyone misses the show. Soon.
 . Now I really hope u're contesting for that seat in the White House come 2016.  Watch!
 time that somebody ask me about my future I always say I want to be like Donald Trump. You're such an inspirationThanks
   Mr Trump
THE HARDER YOU WORK
   LOL~ Everything in life is luck. Donald Trump  I never made this ridiculous statement.
 Oh 
  Mr Trump rocks. I wish I had the money to play his great Golf Courses. He epitomizes success.  Work hard!
  right move
  yah AC ended when you stopped loving it!
I have nothing to do with the Plaza Casino in Atlantic City. I have not been involved with Atlantic City for many years. Used to love A.C.!
My   editorial A COUNTRY THAT CANNOT PROTECT ITS BORDERS WILL NOT LAST The three great essentials to achieve anything worth while are Hard work

Success is not final

Via  Donald Trump Fights To Keep Large American Flag Flying At Southland Golf Course On the luxurious Palos Verdes Peninsula  features ' top public course &amp; elite restaurants My  interview on the border crisis
                         It looks like you've outdone yourself Donald. Beautiful property!  Thanks!
  Amazing building and love the new sign!    Can't wait to go back. Best Hotel in Chicago! Thanks.
    WHY are we sending money to Mexico?  We all know where it will end up. Truea total waste!
...Mexico cannot believe what they are getting away with and have absolutely no respect for our leader.
Mexican leadership has been laughing at us for many years but now its no longer laughterits disbelief...
  Just asked frequent Las Vegas visitor where to stay.  He said    Thanks.
  Phil Mickelson gave your course nice praise in his interview with Rich Lerner. Thanks
. Great playing today in the Scottish Open. I see our practice facility is helpinguse it a lot!
On June 1st. near Washington
_Hawk440  your daughter would be great on The View. Why not someone interesting for once ? Now that would really work!
Rosie is crude
 Trump has reason to be proud of his Trump International Scotland course. Spectacular setting
Rosie is back on the View which tells you how desperate they must be. It is the standard short term fix and long term disaster.
 I dig the Trump Chicago sign. Say whatever you want about ...he builds beautiful buildings..So true!
    Hearing Rosie's name makes me nauseous! Seeing her face makes me puke! Cant imagine WATCHING her!
_smith7  Maybe Perry can put in a 9 hole golf course on the banks of the Rio Grande to lure Obama to see the border?
 should be placing tariffs on Mexican goods coming into this country to reimburse the American taxpayer&amp;secure the border
If a person is  at Harvard and comes from Europe or Asia
You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else.

Don't fight the problem
You have to keep going and moving forward
Let your passion for your work carry you through all the setbacks they can throw at you.  Trump Never Give Up
Honolulus best  features a dozen distinct tropically decorated Hawaii hotel rooms and suite layouts Mexico is allowing many thousands to go thru their country &amp; to our very stupid open door. The Mexicans are laughing at us as buses pass by.
When will the U.S. stop sending $'s to our enemies
 How does  feel about Rosie back at ? They are desperatea short term fix!
  thank you for fighting for our marine!  You're welcome.
 2016 = too late. America won't survive another 12 months of this lawless O regime &amp;  cowards. That's what comebacks r about.
  not sure what the fuss is about
USMC Sgt. Tahmooressi sacrificed for our country. While Obama is welcoming illegals
My conversation from ON THE RECORD      Every Trump property I've seen or played including courses and hotels redefines perfection Great
Our govt should immediately stop sending $s to Mexico
Central America's tallest building
. I hope you played well at Royal Aberdeen but u must admit the windmill hovering over hole 14 is disgusting &amp; inappropriate.
 The only way to fix our country's mess is  for president in 2016! HE IS THE SMARTEST AND MOST CAPABLE MAN!
  Hopefully after 6 years
The most stringent gun laws in the U.S. happen to be in Chicago - and look what is happening there!
  Rosie back on  ? What do you think about that
Obama looks exhausted and beaten. He was never made or prepared for the job. Like it or not
   Mr. Trump - I agree with you and your stance on the American Flag waving proudly over the golf course.Gracias
 My son's high school graduation present. Guess where he wanted to go! Trump National of course!  We played Trump Int'l last year. Spectacular golf course. Caddy Alan Neal made the day.     What do you say Donald? Run for President???
 Stand up and help us Trump!!! Please!!! Someone with some clout needs to do something to get the madman out of office!
   I'd vote for Trump in a heartbeat. No question. Good decision.
 Why can't  run our country? The man knows his stuff!!
  Thankyou for supporting our   Yes  could do something
_connolly  telling it like it is on Fox News right now
  says it. Stop sending money to Mexico until Marine freed.  
  Very good points made tonight on Greta.
  on  When was the last time something positive has happened in this country? Hmmmm....So true
  You were great on Greta tonite. Thanks.
  Please run for President in 2016! You have my support 100% Thanks.
 After you left dude I played some Mac Miller Donald Trump soooo loud and smoked that last lucky.
 Nine holes  Trump International Golf Links today in Scotland
  I could listen to you on Howard for a whole day straight. No one promotes himself better then you. 
 If  runs for president and wins it will mean that the job market will be strong when I graduate  True.
  visited Balmedie yesterday for  day
_manley played trump international today
   sensational. Make sure you play the full 18 before you go...  Thanks Phil.
   Best layout I've ever played! Thanks David
 Nine holes  Trump International Golf Links today in Scotland
 The talk of Scottish Open is all Trump International. Rose
Congratulations to  Derek Jeter on being named to 2014  !
Obama is in Texas but will not be visiting the border. He is too busy fundraising!
Featuring  &amp; Palm Grill
Located in the beautiful countryside of Mooresville
In the heart of midtown New York  is a landmark which hosts tourists from the around the world daily   thanks for your inspiration keeping things real  Thank  you.
As you go through life
There is only one person who should be crossing our southern border
We should cut off all aid to every country that does not respect our border. Why are we giving them money in the first place?
If only the illegals were Tea Party members then Obama would get them out of the country immediately.
  They should get  and  on  I would watch it everyday. Cute!
 Keep fighting for the  flag ! I will!
   already happened look at Detroit. They turned off the water to 150k people toe weeks ago USA NEXT!
 needs a proven leader &amp; successful businessman to get us back     The unbelievable Trump International was a huge pleasure to play today!  Such an experience!  Donald Trump's Palm Beach mansion   In the end you are measured not by how much you undertake but by what you finally accomplish. - Donald Trump
  if you were in office you would do everything right. True.
  have you ever considered running for office with warren buffett? talk about a power ticket for 2016
_Glansberg  for Prez!
_MikeSSmith I'd vote for  in 2016. Thanks.
  recently stayed in your hotel in Vegas...it's beautiful my wife and I loved our stay!!  Great
High above the city
Set the example
Opening in 2016
Thank you to  for naming Trump International Golf Links Scotland   GB&amp;I Best Modern Course   A great honor!
Just looked at new selection of Donald J. Trump Signature Collection ties &amp; shirts    fantastic! Would make great gifts!
Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected.  Steve Jobs
Listen to others but never negate your own instincts.  Trump Never Give Up
Our country will soon be relegated to THIRD WORLD status if proper decisions are not made by our president. He was never qualified for job!
The immigration crisis is a horrible mess made worse by an incompetent president who doesn't have a clue. We need new leadership FAST!
 We've got to do something about this left wing socialist regime who has let our country go to hell. Calling President Trump
   wtf. Free to the immigrants? But the rest of us that have to bust out asses just to get by have to pay?
 how much tax money it will cost Americans when Obama legalizes 25 million illegal aliens&amp;gives them free ObamaCare
 Just played 's Scotland course. Verdict Fantastic. Dispelled all biased anti-Donald chatter I'd heard.
 If you r lucky enough to play Trump Aberdeen Scotland make sure you get  to loop for you. 
 God bless you  
 Show me a man without an ego and I'll show you a loser - Donald Trump
 Without passion you don't have energy
America is the experiment that works.  President Ronald Reagan
Your tax dollars well spent. Over 1.295M ObamaCare enrollees will also be illegal immigrants Obamas statement that illegals cant stay = Obamas promise if you like your healthcare plan you can keep it.
Historic Change! Obama has spent over $44M of our money on travel expenses
Via   by Heather Noel Shelton School graduate receives handwritten note from Donald Trump NYCs sole hamman
 They say read a book it'll make you smarter. I say read a book by  and you become more intelligent. Thanks.
Buy at the point of maximum pessimism; sell at the point of maximum optimism.  Sir John Templeton
  believes Trump Turnberry can be the best resort anywhere in the world.  True
 Mr Trump please treat Turnberry GC with respect. Hearing about the Lighthouse and your plans......it's iconic...  I will!
  saw the  building in Vegas today. BEAUTIFUL! Chicago is still my favorite!
 Thanks  for putting my name on the top of the TV screen when I turn it on! 
 Reading  by  - THE MOST INSPIRATIONAL PERSON! Thank you Mr. Trump Thank you.
 Just watched the CNN living golf segment. Interesting interview and Trump International course was looking spectacular!!
  Great way to start Monday today D
 RT  Donald Trump Proves Hair Is Real | Interview | In case you were wondering... _Event Negotiation tip  The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. - 
_that_actor  If ever we needed someone to lead us out of this mess
   It was helping Iraq that caused this problem in the first place.
_cousin  only 1 man has the street and business smarts that can make this country  again. Trump 2016  I agree!
  And we shouldn't help Iraq this time unless we get 2 $trillion in free oil
  Typical
 Mr. Trump
 If The Donald were in charge we would get enough oil to pay for the war and more! Try to Trump that cowboys!
_danna We have a bunch of idiots running the Government! Why Americans keep voting these same people back into office sickens me
Let this be the day you go for your dream. Focus
_Charlotte  I heard the fireworks show was amazing. Such a great club deserves it! See everyone there soon - fantastic place.
Happy 4th of July to everyone
 Please run for president this country needs true leadership  Thank you.
Do these very stupid politicians who got us involved in Iraq look bad
After foolishly spending two trillion $'s and losing so many great young people
  please run in '16 Kentucky is ready to support you!! Thanks.
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other.

To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.  Ralph Waldo Emerson
If you want to be successful
. _Charlotte Looking great love the improvements to the buildings and grounds! not to mention course  Thank you.
With an elite course designed by 
Offering two championship courses
via American Spectator   Trump Card by Jeffrey Lord  _BD  what's the best advice to be successful in business? Have passion for your work. Then focus and never give up.
  I find reading your tweets get me in the right mind set for trading. It is proving invaluable so thank you. Great
 The tower looks beautiful Donald. Best building in the city hands down! Love what you do!  Also good to see  not being drawn into independence debate. Either way
Donald Trump unveils vision for  I never quit trying. I never felt that I didn't have a chance to win.

There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface. Having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice.
Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau
._sport by  Trumps transformation will make  Open worth the wait Via  Donald Trump's name 'will boost  '   Wonder what ideas you would have to rebuild Detroit. If anyone can do it you can. 
   was just at turnberry.. The place is awesome
  Entrepreneurs See yourself as victorious Look at the solution
    DT your sign is one of the only beacons of hope for the youth of Chicago!
 _YL    What's there to debate?
 RT  Entrepreneurs Believe in yourself. If you don't
_w My parents asked me what I wanted to do after high school and I remember I say there and said I wanna be like DonaldTrump. Thanks
 I've been reading  books and about WarrenBuffett lately. I need some Trump books to read! The Art of the Deal
Trump Turnberry news conference tomorrow at noon
    DT your sign is one of the only beacons of hope the youth of Chicago have left!
Champions aren't made in the gyms. Champions are made from something they have deep inside them - a desire
  We know a fourth-grader who thinks he's the next Trump!  Tell him to work hard!
Awarded the renowned 5-Star  rating
 _Open  let's get Turnberry back in the rotation. Mr Trump has given to the game so much in such a short time i.e. Doral Thanks
 Can't wait to get to play ...been on my list for a long time.  Awesome job  Thanksyou will love it!
 I've been reading  books and about  lately. I need some Trump books to read! The Art of the Deal
Make your NYC getaway memorable   provides both true luxury and top access to Midtown West                         BREATHTAKING!! Finally Trump has begun the rebuilding of our nation's capital. Sir well done Thanks
 My favorite sky scraper in New York so far has definitely been Trump Tower. Such a classy &amp; timeless design. Great job Thx
Trump Intl Washington D.C. is a historic building which our entire nation can take pride in &amp; enjoy Opening 2016 Entrepreneurs  Stay focused and be tenacious. Remain fixed on your goals.
Entrepreneurs Believe in yourself. If you don't
Entrepreneurs See yourself as victorious Look at the solution
I'm convinced that about half of what separates successful entrepreneurs from the non-successful ones is pure perseverance. Steve Jobs
_rick  Congratulations!  Great feat accomplished.  Well done
    You should run for President of USA!
 Where are all the liberal environmentalists demanding the end of wind turbines to stop the slaughter of birds? So true!
Amazing. People are sending letters of support for  sign to my other properties
What can you learn today that you didn't know before? Set the bar high  do the best you possibly can.
The more you know
Business is a creative endeavor. Cultivate a sense of discovery and start thinking big.
I look forward to my press conference  Scotland this Wednesdaylots of great people attending.
  was there for the 1st time last week
Have passion for what you do and be efficient at the same time. - Think Like a Champion
A testament to American ingenuity  shines over Fifth Avenue as one of NYCs most iconic buildings _Mike  I live here in Chicago and I love it!!! Your building is amazing as is your sign!!  Thank you.
  Your my fav for 2016 Thanks.
   Run Trump Run!!
  If not you
  country needs the right person for the job there's only one! trump 2016 Thanks.
  Then PLEASE run for president!
  When is the Celebrity Apprentice coming back? I'm going through withdrawal!   Soon!
 We need you to push the issues that this country is facing
 Love the sign . well done.  It was a pleasure to meet you today Mr.Trump
  Powerful book 
  but can you get him to stop sucking at his job?  That would be
 Cracking day at Trump International Links Scotland yesterday. What a place to play golf! Loved it.   Best looking building in Chicago. We enjoyed our stay greatly. I like the new TRUMP addition.  Always remember
  you are the only person that can beat Hillary  Many are saying that
  after watching the roast of you I can confirm you are ready to be president! It was fun
 I can't understand people who dont like  .. Must be because he's got everything anyone wishes they had. Thanks
  please run for president! Your the only one for the job
 We LOVE your business updates and insights. Don't waste your energy on politics. Business is where you shine.
 I know who I'd endorse and give my money In a heartbeat and that's  please run!  Thank you.
  Looks spectacular _shaun  Another masterpiece Donald!
   Newspaper 'We Were Wrong' To Endorse Obama; He's Even Worse Than George Bush I am in Ireland inspecting my great and very beautiful Atlantic Ocean property. It is one of the most spectacular hotels anywhere! DOONBEG
Ask yourself What am I pretending not to see? There may be some great opportunities right around you.
 Many big movies have filmed in my buildings. Here is  in  3.   Welcome back in Europe !    Thank you.
Lightweight  is driving business out of New York for his own public relations benefit. A real dope!
I know Shia LaBeouf  and when sober
I just arrived in Barcelona. I make a big speech tomorrow and then off to Ireland and Scotland.
Practice positive thinkingthis will keep you focused while weeding out anything that is unnecessary
Realize that persistence can go a long way. Being stubborn is often an attribute.
Success requires 100% effort and 100% focus. Nothing less.
Control your own destiny or someone else will.

Our Q1 GDP was -2.9%. Worst in memory   ObamaCare killing jobs
 Filming an Oreo commercial with Eli Manning
I'm leaving now for Ireland
After these spirited primaries are over
Via _Media by  Trump-Backed Candidate  Wins NY GOP Primary . newly released book Special Heart brings a message of hope. All sales donated to heart charities Exclusively 
Someone just wrote that you predicted every single major event thats now happeningand they knock you instead of giving you credit.
As Iran began the process of taking over Iraq
In other words
Secy John Kerry has a tough job but he looks so totally lost negotiating w/ those characters who are cleaning his clock. Sad to watch...
Eli Wallach was a great actor and a great guy. My opinion his performance in The Good the Bad and the Ugly was his all time best!
I look forward to my press conference on Weds of next week  to discuss changes &amp; big investment I'll make. Very exciting!
America's top public course  greens on Palos Verdes Peninsula have been celebrated by  _Bossie -backed Candidate Wins NY GOP Primary Failures are expected by losers
Its Thursday. Which brand of eyeliner is the nations worst AG  wearing today?
If you entered our country illegally and are then granted amnesty
Now Syria is bombing Iraq and Secy. Kerry
_Meagann  will we see Celebrity Apprentice again soon? I love that show! Yes
    It's time to start your political career. The people want you to run.
 // I'm over 70 and have never seen such 
  Some Succeed Because They Are Destined To
   Explain why BHO rescues a deserter and leaves a real soldier rotting in a Mexican jail?
 I truly think  underestimates 's actual net worth That's true
  Donald definitely has the retweeting and replying to tweets down! I loved your sign in Chicago. 
   If Trump can control his crazy
Boycott Mexico until they release our Marine. With all the money they get from the U.S.
    in Chicago on a business trip. I love seeing the Trump name!! Thanks!
 I love how my kids know who  is but have no clue who our PM is. So what if we're Canadian.  NothingWrongWithThat
  just got a phone survey about your sign in Chicago - love it &amp; the beautiful building it's on. Well done.
  Quote Some Succeed Because They Are Destined To
  let's do this America. BOYCOTT MEXICO  __     All I want for my birthday is for  to wish me a happy birthday!  Happy birthday.
  _Johnson1 You are a king maker Don! True!
  in Chicago on a business trip.  I love seeing the Trump name!! Thanks!
Trump Tower Punta Del Este features the Trump Organization's signature superior quality
Congrats to  on a great victory. I hope my robocalls helped!  
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.

In the center of Irelands rugged west coast
   to get America back on track. Trump will be the best president the united states has ever seen. Don't hate.
The only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you havent found it yet
  looking to open my own businesses. Any advice you can give on that subject? Find something you love doing&amp; never give up!
Another cover-up. Obama wont disclose how many illegal immigrants he has released into our country The 9.11.12 attack on the Benghazi consulate was a sophisticated
The Benghazi terrorist is getting speedier care than our Vets at the VA. Obama has his priorities.
A  win is a victory for our country. Chris is a Constitutional Conservative who'll make a difference in Washington.
I am the only potential owner of the  who will keep the team in Buffalo
  I've done hair since I was 14
 Know how u can tell Trump is successful? Almost half the accounts he follows are businesses w/ his name in them Interesting!
    for hosting this special event for charities benefiting our brave men ... I hope voters in Mississippi cast their ballot for . He is strong
Great going  you showed the world that all of that amazing talent is for real. We love you at Trump Jupiter 
_7  go for it Sir!!! Just watch!
 DonaldTrump   Please don't mess with us again
   The Obama administration is the American disaster
  Im sure u will never read but totally agree w u re Seth Meyer. Terrible &amp; feel embarrassed for him. Awkward!
   It seems democrats are incapable of honesty
   I wish  would run 4 President
  I have to confess
  Always make a total effort
 The government spends millions to keep bad people to come in via air travel. Now they go through Mexico. Wish DonaldTrump was in charge
Flashbk  Trump I would build a border fence like you have never seen beforeAlways make a total effort

Its Monday. How much will premiums rise today because of ObamaCare? REPEAL!
Must read  editorial on $40M NYC taxpayer settlement to Central Park Thugs  Wilding for Profit      He was on Howard Stern last week.  Awesome interview! Thank you.
 Excited to hear what Trump has in store for . If anything like  we are in for a treat! It will be great!
The failing  which just raised its prices because its dying
The dying  asked me to do an Editorial on the Central Park 5 ripoff  &amp; then they pretend it was my idea. Loser newspaper!
I wonder if when Secy. Kerry goes to Iraq and Afghanistan he pushes hard for them to look at GLOBAL WARMING and study the carbon footprint?
Do you believe that Secy. KERRY just went to Egypt to talk about human rights problems and this as everything is being blown up around him
 DonaldTrump. The Turnberry is your global Crown Jewel...Anybody who is anybody will add this resort to their must visit list.
  surely an amazing thing for America if you run the country. Great mind at work!  Would make U.S. great again!
  please run for president! You have my vote.We need more people like you in this world!! You're a great man!
_Erc Wish I had hair like  Great taste!
  The Trump Organization Finalizes Purchase of Legendary Turnberry Resort in Scotland. ._McDowell   Great playing Graeme - you are a true champion!
   YOU ARE THE LIGHT. THE ONLY HUMAN WHO CAN GUIDE THIS NATION TO THE EAGLES WINGS AND LANDS BEYOND!!!
  I bet you will make hell of a president
 Everyone wants to be Donald Trump
  If you run for president in 2016 you have my vote!  Thanks.
  are you serious about being president? I have a lot of faith in you.  Thank you.
  for president! If anyone can turn this country around its you Donald! True.
I will be on Fox &amp; Friends at 7 A.M. - 10 minutes.  Much to talk about
 Hello Donald I have looked up to your success in business relations
  Donald you're the man  Thanks!
  I just started reading Trump 101 it's a great book Mr.Trump. Terrific!
 Who do I look up to? The answer is Donald Trump.  Thank you
 RT  Donald Trump by Mac Miller will always be a hit.  I agree!
   America and the world needs a smart strong
  I disagree with you on A LOT of things but you're spot on on the 5. Well finally!
 Were likely paid w/ public funds for original services
  they are laughing on their way to the bank.
  right on
  Donald
I'd bet the lawyers for the Central Park 5 are laughing at the stupidity of N.Y.C. when there was such a strong case against their clients
How much money are the lawyers for the Central Park Five getting out of the 40 million dollars
N.Y. City is paying FORTY MILLION DOLLARS to five men that many think are guilty as hell. So many facts -  should have been trial. Politics!
  love your thoughts and opinions on the Central Park 5!
   Donald Trump will serve a Positive Government if Elected president.
   Former Queens residents include  Martin Scorsese  and Nancy Reagan!  Great place!
 . Bluntness is thy name oh Donald Trump!.....you call it as it is
_shaun  I think Rahm Emanuel really likes the sign
  I Love the new letters! Very classy!   I salute Your courage and work Sir! You possess All the Entrepreneurial and Leadership Qualities. Y not Run for President
  Goldberger was a loser  True
I loved the day Paul Goldberger got fired (or left) as N.Y.Times architecture critic and has since faded into irrelevance. Kamin next!
 _tut13   I like to read your tweets and I am delighted with you
  Very impressed with Trump Tower Vancouver. Nicely done
 Mr Trump
_Laurettina  I admire you so much! )  Thanks.
_donovan_99 You're a big thinker
 You were amazing on  last week
_MHall  Flew through LGA on Friday and got a good look at your amazing plane. To bad LGA is such a dump. Not a great welcome to NYC
  I'm in NYC for the first time.. Probably gonna visit Trump Tower. Will you be in town? I need to meet my roll model
    Love the sign!!!   love the sign in Chicago. Its got class.
  Love the sign!!!   I love u your the man!!!! Great interview on 
  I'm going to Chicago next week and I'm def going to get a pic with the new TRUMP sign!  
   Greatest sign in all of Illinois!!!
  It even lights up?? That's so HOT 
  when you do the things you've done you can put your name on it!!!  Thanks.
  great visit on Howard Stern this week. I can't wait for your next visit! 
   Lived in Chicago all my life. Sign looks great! Thanks.
   One of the best hotel stays I've ever had in the world. Superb
_jay   You'll make a great president Thanks.
  can you please be Obamas replacement Interesting way of putting it!
_brenna13 Listening to  on the Howard Stern Show....what a guy! 
 I am seriously afraid for our country. People don't realize the U.S is headed for economic destruction. 
    ppl tweeted him &amp; begged him not to cast her. I wont watch this season. Yes you will!
 If you run
  I love the sign!
    Mr. Trump you were witty
   I find it humorous that your sign shall stand alone as a result of the new regulation!!!
  Run for president  Thanks Carli.
 Love the sign   _KarenT R U M P in lights ! Never turn the light out ! .trumphotelcollection.com/Chicago/   Great job!
    what a place mate. Loved it.
 I feel weird ab it but  was on  this morn &amp; I surprisingly liked him a lot. Dudes got his shiz together
Why isn't Mexico releasing our Marine. U.S. should come down really hard on them. They have ZERO respect for our so-called leader
Listen  my Citizens United Political Victory Fund robo-call for  The  interview by Jeffrey Lord A TRUMP CARD - The Donald talks politics and parenting. MUST READ! My  editorial I love Chicago ... and my sign! From the Wall Street Journal Google Steps Into Autism Research re  When youre at a meeting
Competitive golf is played mainly on a five-and-a-half-inch course... the space between your ears. - Bobby Jones
   No one else can beat Hillary except you D. Trump !  I agree!
 Great to hear!   My wife is at  right now and loving her room. Top notch
  very excited to see what the future holds for the new Trump Turnberry. Any clues?  It will be GREAT!
 People please! Although I would support Trump
    classic lettering gives it a good classy feel  Thanks.
_Delgado  - We just spent 3 nights &amp; golfed at your Aberdeen Scotland resort and loved everything! Great!
 Wishing Trump National Doral Member Lucy Li the best of luck at the Women's U.S. Open. Go Lucy! _Sherwood03 I love the new sign in Chicago! It makes my drive down Lakeshore Drive that much better! Keep up the good work! Thanks.
 Saturday Night Live   The Trump name on a building brings class and creates a landmark for a city.  Trump Tower in Chicago is a masterpiece that completes a gorgeous skyline! Thanks!
                              Sign is looking Great!! Pic attached I actually enjoyed the piece re sign . Could it be that Im starting to like Jon Stewart?
   Donald Trump is the King of quotes you really should listen to him!

  Great to hear you on . Your honesty is refreshing. Thank you.
_uk '  incompetence should not be rewarded.'  You gotta love DT he does call a spade a spade 
  agreed
  great job on  this week. Always the best radio with the two of you.  Thank you.
. has no clue whats going on in St. Maarten. Mullet Bay is a third world slum.
Resolve never to quit
Hook your career to a big trend. There are huge opportunities for profits if you can create big solutions.  Think Big
. is NYC's only  5 Star &amp;  5 Diamond hotel w/a 5 Star &amp; 5 Diamond restaurant PM Sarah Westcot-Williams incompetence should not be rewarded. You should vote for anyone who runs against herloser! 
Mullet Bay Golf Course looks like a slum on the beautiful island of St. Maarten.   should be ashamed for allowing this.
Every day St. Maarten loses vital tourism dollars due to the incompetence of PM Sarah Westcot-Williams. 
   I love the sign. It is tasteful and classy
Mexico doesnt respect our border hourly Manufacturing is now less than 9% of US GDP. The Rust Belt
What took so long to catch only 1 of the Benghazi terrorists? Especially after the killer has been taunting the US in the press f/2 yrs.
US Army Reserve  will bring Conservative solutions to DC. Next Tuesday
From Fox and Friends interview Trump We should not go back to Iraq Will the Benghazi terrorist use the videotape as a defense? If so
A country that cannot protect its borders is a country destined to fail. Another broken promise by our leaders in Washington.
The exclusive home of 's 
Every poll shows high approval of the new sign on . I am honored by the great support.
 Ryan tries to portray himself as a young Donald Trump. No one can be Trump. Sorry bud.  
May God have mercy upon my enemies
   I would love the ass whopping you would give to Hillary!
  I cannot wait for the new season of  U R MY FAV TV STAR  Thank you.
_ Do you want to be INSPIRED? Watch _Rivers on the Apprentice Season Eight!!!! AMAZING woman! Thanks for choosing her!
  please stay active on Twitter when you are President! Really cute!
 only is America not leading in the world anymore
 Watching back to back episodes of The Apprentice  ....best show ever!!!  Thank you.
  Will you PLEASE run for President. We need a REAL LEADER Thanks.
 I think the sign matches the personality of the structure. Bold
 Mr. Trump. I am a huge fan. I have all of your books and think you are a true genius. When will you run for president sir? Watch!
   you know the meaning of class
  run for president. I wanna deal maker in office.
_dodenc  Mr Trump I hope you will be running for president in 2016. Obama's Incompetence Crippled America.......
_n_Bows  Be tough
  Being the Donald fan for many years
AMERICA USED TO BE THE LEADER OF THE WORLD. THANKS TO OBAMA AMERICA ISN'T EVEN LEADING FROM BEHIND.
. Spa has an array of 5 star services
The exclusive home of 's 
Just met with the incoming Speaker of the Florida House
Breaking ground shortly
 Just saw photos of sign at night - looks really nice. Chronic complainers moan about everything ignore them.  Thanks!
  Love the Sign in Chicago! You built it and have every right to stamp your trademark on it. Kudos!  Thank you.
   I'm on a flight heading to Chicago and I'm excited to catch a glimpse of that sign. Great
  After the pics i've seen
_baldwin  Today's show was fantastic!  was awesome and the real doll w/ Eric was priceless.
    another amazing and solid  appearance from 
  Love the new sign!  We know you will respect the property...and bring new life to it. Putting Turnberry on my bucket list....  Great!
  You were great today on . Hope you buy the .
  for president? Genius! He will definitely know how to put the American economy in shape! 
  It is perfect! Congratulations on this fantastic job!   

I was rightTV ratings for US Open are way down from last year. People dont want to look at a burned out
   Looks Great!  night
    - nicely done
The Trump Organization Finalizes Purchase of Legendary Turnberry Resort in Scotland. It's absolutely No one remembers who came in second.  Walter Hagen
With our border not being secure
 Congratulations to  for a successful installation of Trump sign. . TRUMP CANTOR'S DEFEAT SHOWS 'EVERYBODY' IN CONGRESS VULNERABLE IF THEY SUPPORT AMNESTY   Great Interview on    Thank you.
 Once again
  good job on  you really are an inspiration you need your own radio show!  Thank you.
  Loved you on . Need to hear your brackets on a daily basis   Great
The perfect Hawaiian getaway
  loved you on Stern this morning. You always have a lot of interesting things to say.  Thank you. 
 Haha gotta love listening to  on  .. says exactly what he's thinking lol  True
  needs to call into the  more often!!! Thanks.
 Trump completes his takeover of Turnberry and puts his own stamp on it. Full story in tomorrow's Carrick Gazette  Great.
 There is never enough Trump on ! Why not have him on the phone at least once per month?  Thanks!
  Of all the places I've stayed in Oahu
 Tower in Chicago is beautiful
    incredible interview on the  show. Please please run for President!
   Outstanding beautiful building for sure!
  Spent the night at the Trump Tower...awesome! Best lookin' building in Chi-Town. Powerful lookin' sign too 
  please run for president! Our country needs you to fix this mess!
  I saw Trump Tower in Chicago on Fox...it looks beautiful! Congratulations! Love the TRUMP sign too.
  for president? Genius! He will definitely know how to put the American economy in shape! 
 I would rather read  tweets than hear Obama lie  vs 
  just saw Trump Tower in Chicago. It looks great.
  great stuff on Howard today! Now call up Jim Kelly and get that Buffalo Bills deal done!
  the best thing to happen to ur country is 2 c Mr Trump as President. 1st thing to change...ur health system.
  everything u touch turns to gold I need to bump into u!  Work hard!
   trump for president
  Couldn't agree more about Seth Meyers He wss not meant for television - very sad!
 Your tweets are so entertaining!!! And Pinehurst DID look like cow shit! Dusty ass tumbleweeds blowing around. Geeeezzzz
  I love when  comes on. He is so refreshingly honest. 
  I'm a Democrat and I'd vote for you in a second. Thanks.
  brought up a lot of good points on  this morning
  when Donald runs for President he will have my vote! I'll even campaign for him   Thanks
 Another great appearance by  on ! Hope to catch a replay on the drive home.
  on  was certainly an entertaining start to my morning.  Good!
_MelissaAmy I don't know
  do u think the republicans will force the lost emails to be found? No
  Geat hearing you on Howard Stern
   Can't believe all the hate trump gets. Hearing him and  go back&amp;forth is good radio simple as that!
  I heard your interview on  I enjoyed every second of it.  Thanks.
  incredible interview on the  show. Please please run for President!
  I live in Chicago and love the sign! I look at it everyday!! Thanks.
  I heard the show and am now a fan. You were so honest and real! Thanks.
I will be doing The Howard Stern Show at 7 a.m. (10 minutes). Always fun
  for president 2016 is the only way to go!
__ It would be amazing to see  run for president. I would vote for him with the quickness. 
It's time to let Pete Rose
 Italian people support  for 2016 president.
   Donald know's business. Screw politics we need someone who doesn't care about  Politics for once.
 We need  to run for President in 2016!
   we want TrumpCare and a president who has proof he is a real American
  I'M VOTING FOR YOU IN 2016 
   If you run  I will hit my streets running for you.Obama Care doesn't Care.
 If  can build such a successful business
  if you were president
  We need you to run this country! 2016! The year of the Donald!
   How about you look inside - because truthfully
   ( Pinehurst) Was a great looking dust bowl.
  Are gas prices going to skyrocket due to instability in Iraq? No
  for president! Please mr trump 
  you sir
  We need someone like you in Office who knows how to get this country out of debt  Easy
 Hey  what is your view on George Bush? He got us into Iraq instead of making America great again. Not good!
_quoted  reading Think Big and can't help but wonder why you ain't president yet?  Well
  you have the type of business mind we need in office!  
  don't normally agree with you but it  (Pinehurst)  looked like an absolute dump.
   People just want to mess with you because you're you. It's your building. F them.
_Rin_Kelly 
 I thought the Trump signage was very well done. Looks great! 
  I LOVE THE SIGN
  the only problem with the  sign in  are the people complaining about it!
  You are amazing! I loved that you rewarded the bus driver who saved a suicidal girl.  Thank you
_NY .    I read 
  playing in September the day after playing Trump Aberdeen! Can't wait... Bucket list courses! Have fun.
  please buy Pinehurst next!  And fix it - make it beautiful again!
  Beautiful!
  I have lived in Chicago my whole life
 Got to see the new 'Trump' letters on  Chicago skyscraper. Looks amazing
   I hope we can survive the rest of this losers 8 year term
 Love the Trump in Chicago. Those who don't like it are jealous! Capitalism is where it's at! We need more signs like it!
I bought the great Turnberry Resort today - considered by many to have the greatest golf course in the World. I will take good care of it!
  went to Doonbeg last year
  Which one of your books should I read first? The Art of the Deal
  along with  ...heaven on earth
  Remember the terrorists that Obama has been arming in Syria against Assad. Well now they are marching on Bagdad.
 These are the same terrorists Obama has been arming in Syria &amp; have attacked us on 911.Obama's foreign policy is a disaster
 _Wallace  Iran controlling Iraq and all of its oil will be everyone's problem Our leaders are stupid!
I know about the rustic look on golf coursesbut see photo of highly rated Trump National Philadelphiaa real gem. Success comes with hard work
When ISIS caught the soldiers
Choose your own path It doesn't have to be the path less traveled...What matters is that it's the right one for you. - Vince Lombardi
Iraq is no longer our problem. We never should have been there in the first place!
Turnberry- one of the most beautiful places in the world.... soon to be Trump Turnberry
The VA scandal will only get worse over the time. Our vets deserve the best care possible. We must be open to private solutions.
Congratulations to  on their  championship. Well-deserved.
If anybody else but Coore and Crenshaw designed Pinehurst they would be run out of town(and the turtleback greens are totally unfair)!
The only reason I am critical of the Pinehurst look is because Im a lover of golfand that look on TV hurts golf badly.
Virginia's highest rated wine by 
The Trump Organization Finalizes Purchase of Legendary Turnberry Resort in Scotland.   . Have a great Monday! Still hoping to hear these words soon..I will be running for President. 
  Get  into WH He can lead and fix anything He is also strong and unafraid to do what is good for people.
  Pinehurst  is what happens when environmentalists take over the USGA!
Will be doing Fox &amp; Friends at 7 - 2 minutes.
  I concur~ Your children are indeed exemplary~ grace
 If Hilary Clinton runs for office.  HAS TOO. Or I'm moving to canada
  I wish you would advice the Kardashians and the Jenner sisters on child rearing. You did a good job upbringing your girl.
  please run for prez. Would b great to have a real man in the White House again.
  Awful look to it.....Not like Trump in Palm Beach and Briarcliff or Scotland that I've played. Your courses are the best
   Pineworst  is a number two alright
  told the truth all day about Pinehurst 2. It is just not a good looking US Open course.  So true!
 Chicago should be so lucky to have the King of New York invest in their city! Love the sign!! It should be bigger JMO!
  We need Trump 1) in the NFL
 DonaldTrump I snapped that when I was in  today Donald
 A little more moderation would be good. Of course
  I read all of your books you truly are an inspiration!  Thanks.
  which got more viewers final round of  or  tweets about the course?  Trump!
  i find yourself and your children exemplary and inspirational
Big announcement tomorrow morning concerning the great Turnberry Resort in Scotland!
Congratulations to Martin Kaymer for winning the 2014 .  Great playing from beginning to end!
    course didn't look good in HD just saying  No
 I concur with  on Pinehurst. IMO Those blasts from sandy areas looked like IEDs exploding In Kandahar Province.
  it was nice of you to give  15 minutes of fame that he wouldn't have had.  I agree!
  you have made some great courses
   Matt
  stick to media like everyone else in it with worthless opinions. DonaldTrump is 10
  Are the  commercials filmed at Trump National LA?  Yes.
  played Trump Bedminster once...will never forget it.
    big time. I love Trump Bedminster
  is barking up the wrong tree getting in a twitter war with   I can beat him in golf even easier!
  Matt
   Actually agree...it may have been great to play but it looked atrocious on TV..I love golf..couldn't watch
  I completely agree with DT here. Pinehurst looks bad. I wouldn't pay $400 to play if it looked like that.
  future British open?    I've played the new Doral which is awesome-one day I hope to play another Trump course
    I agree with the Donald. What a goat track! I'll take the beauty of Pebble any day!
 Sir Donald. Rather than promote golf courses
  I've played Pinehurst and Trump Bedminster and Donald has 2 in Bedminister that are superior.  Thank you &amp; true
 Matt
  I have watched Open Championships at Turnberry
  My position on Pinehurst is correct - bad for the game
Johnny Miller correctly very critical of greens at Pinehurst. Said they should be redone
  very subdue atmosphere. Not take it away from Kaymer but it's like watching paint dry  
  look better at lahinch or trump doonbeg? True!
  please don't let the USGA ruin your course in 2017 like they did Pinehurst.  I won't!
_W_GA  they think the course should be old school
I'd bet the horrible look of Pinehurst translates into poor television ratings. This is not what golf is about!
  he has a point
 Just saw the video of the bus driver saving the woman from jumping off overpass. You gave him a reward....good job Donald! Thanks
  Worked  restaurant for 33 yrs &amp; got fired because they didn't think I could keep up. No severance! Would u do that? NO WAY!
 It's worse for . I know I wouldn't pay $400 to play what looks like a neglected municipal course.
   I thought this was the US Open not the wanna be British Open
   couldn't agree more. The course is not punishing bad tee shots like a normal us open would. BORING FINISH!!!
  Big news from Scotland on Turnberry (which
.. Remember
I would like to wish all fathers
_3  Happy Birthday from your Trump Towers in West Palm. Keep up the good work! A great place
 No one man can turn this country around and get us back on track. But one  can! 2016! HappyBirthday!
   who cares what it looks like! Pros aren't complaining. Yes they are
  happy birthday sir! Nothing but respect for what you've accomplished.  Thanks.
_Weasley  Happy Birthday to one of the most entertaining and smartest men alive.  Thanks.
 Happy Birthday
 Happy birthday to  the wisest man in the US.   Thanks.
 Happy birthday to 
  Happy B-Day Mr. Trump
  we need a great leader like  to take this country where it belongs
 All hate'n T This was my tweet Watching the  It's as if they're playing on a local community golf course Looks awful
 I'm with .  looks like Muni. &amp; until we run out of H2O? Would pay $400 2 play that? No.
_karsten  Happy birthday to the best businessman in the world  Thank you.
 Happy Birthday to The Donald . It will take men like him to make the USA great again. . Thanks.
   Built for golf. Not built for TV. That is true because it looks horrible on T.V.  SAD!
. Blair
 Donald Trump gets over $1 million to speak. Tony Blair $600K. Rudy Giuliani $270K. A Greenspan $250K.    I THINK PINEHURST IS UGLY.
  You're the man Mr. Trump!  Thanks.
.  Have you ever seen Trump National/Bedminster or Trump International Golf links in Scotland. Both far better than Pinehurst!
  It was my comment not  I've played on nicer par 3 courses than 
. Matt
.  It's true Matt
_shaun  happy birthday Donald! Thanks for never being afraid to tell it like it is
 HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my idol ! I hope one day to be as successful as you!   Work hard!
 Happy  to an awesome business icon! Read my first Trump book at 14 which jump started my business success. Thanks.
  your children are smart and capable. You must take the reins and get the USA back   It can be done.
  The world just won't be safe until the name Trump is emblazoned on the White House.
  Like I said
  you called it about 4 years ago about the spoils of war its all coming true now.  So true!
 Happy Birthday to successful businessman and true American success story. He certainly tells it like it is! Thank you.
  please run and get America back on its feet.  Stay tuned!
  Watching the  It's as if they're playing on a local community golf course! Looks awful!
I have been very consistent and always said that Iraq would fall as soon as the U.S. left. What a terrible waste of lives and money!
Iran will convince our incompetent President that they are trying to help us with Iraq
Turnberry in Scotland is a far superior golf course to Pinehurst - and it isn't even close! Likewise the Blue Monster at Doral.
Iran is moving troops into Iraq under the guise that it is helping out. Actually
 Happy birthday to an American icon and a real estate el-supremo...   Thanks.
   In Chicago and loving Trump tower. Those letters look great
 Calling the sign &amp;Trump name tasteless is ridiculous! Its exactly the opposite. You always put beauty in your details.
  your sign on chicago tower looks awesome!  Thanks.
 Happy Birthday 
  Happy birthday to the best businessman in America!  Thank you.
 Happy Birthday to . I wish you many more success! You are greatness!  Thanks.
  Happy Birthday to an American icon!  Thank you.
_sue  I think your sign needs to stay
 In Chicago and loving Trump tower. Those letters look great
  just looked at the sign and it looks great
  The TRUMP sign looks great! The haters are giving you good publicity though!
  LOVE the new signage. Keep doing what you've always done and continue to inspire others. Thanks.
  LOVE the new signage. Keep doing what you've always done and continue to inspire others.
  The TRUMP sign looks great! The haters are giving you good publicity though!
  Love the Trump signAmazing!!
  I love the Trump sign on your Chicago building. It's beautiful and it's your branding of Trump. Keep fighting!
  Love the signage on the Chicago building! I think you should request even bigger letters!
 Hi can u RT my daughter  she died 03/05/2014 age16 with cystic fibrosis thanx Jodie's dad If you want to be successful in business
W/ the ransom Obama paid for deserter Bergdhal
Jailed USMC Sgt Andrew Tahmooressi should be released immediately. Since when does Mexico care about border security?
Had a great time yesterday on  with 
92 stories above North Michigan Avenue
Thank you  for the wonderful and honest poll results on Chicago sign. People love it!   . is Chicago's sole destination showcasing a Five-Star  rating for both hotel &amp; restaurant   River North support for  Tower sign.   So many other things to worry about in this world and a sign is one??? Give me a break! LOVE IT!!
  I love the Trump building in Chicago
 If you have a problem with  putting Trump on his building
  - you want to do something nice for Chicago and they shoot you down. Piss on Rahm. He is just an Obama lap dog.
  what a shame  is wasting money on  when we have CPS students in bldgs w/o AC
  sign is the right size given size of the building.
   I like the Trump sign.
 Love the sign! ! Do not cross   
  love the new sign in Chicago....adds some real intelligence to the city .
  Great Chicago sign. Do not bend to pressure. Right on! I won't
  We would love a Trump building in   Thanks
_RHLP  pumped millions into our Chicago economy. My brother worked on that building for 3yrs. Rahm should thank him!
 Why the fuss? Trump has the most beautiful building in Chicago! That sign will be iconic   
  TRUMP! Love the sign in Chi Town!  Thank you.
  Your sign is absolutely stunning in Chicago! Now only if you could wear a suit &amp; fight crime!
_Erdman DonaldTrump You built a beautiful high-rise
The Iraqi Army is useless. President Obama
 I'll say it  you are likely the *only* Republican who could realistically beat Hillary in 2016. Please consider running
  new sign looks awesome!!! Congrats!
_triston  Would make a great Commander in Chief. True intelligence. Common sense
We should never have gone into Iraq but
_Ekwegba When Mr. Trump wants to get at something he goes all the way. He Walks-the-talk. There are only a few of them left! Thank you
 I know I'm a day early for your weekend celebrations-Happy Birthday Donald! Looking forward to your surprises for 2014-2015 Thanks
  will you please run for PRESIDENT. I will 
  great building. Name looks awesome on it.
    you don't like it because Trump is a conservative. How many jobs has Trump created in Chicago
  Mr. Trump
  is a real man of his word
  come home to NYC and put your name on all the buildings you want.    Live in the suburbs but saw the TRUMP sign on your beautiful building. Really classy! Love it!
 I don't understand the all the fuss. The building is an exquisite edition to our skyline.     I like the Trump Logo on the building! I feel this is a personal fight! &amp; will this fight cost IL residents
   personally I think the letters should be higher up. Make sure everyone can see that name!
  I'm a Liberal but I feel Mayor Emanual has bigger fish to fry in Chi-town than a Trump sign
  Your name on your building in Chicago looks awesome!
  was completed during recession
Dopey  critic fails to mention the ugly Sun Times sign.
Before I bought the site
  Good news. 1 of the most exciting people coming to 1 of the most exciting cities in the world! A great place!
  you sir are a true inspiration to me I thank you.  Great
_ggg   With GOOD service at his clubs imagine the service Mr Trump could give American people as Pres!  True!
_capital                  yo that sign gonna be more famous than HOLLYWOOD! I agree!
In answer to your questions about my favorite impersonator
People are LOVING the Trump sign on the Chicago building. Big league tweets
A third rate architecture criticwho I thought got firedfor the failing  likes the building but doesnt like the Trump sign
  you are an inspiration to us all. If only you would run for President and sort all this shit out.
 Following  was one of the best decisions I've made on twitter. Love the way he speaks his mind and no sugar coating
I told all of the haters and losers long ago that Iraq would fall
Iraq told us to get out
_323  let me make this simple. Run. For. President . 
  Run
  run for president
Iraq is falling apart fast - two trillion dollars and so many deaths - Bush got us in and Obama took far too long to get us out!
 I have never voted before
Someone just asked me
BTW The Miss USA pageant was the highest rated non-sports telecast on the Big 4 networks. Congrats to our newly crowned _Sanchez_!
A former Miss New York is the designer behind the swimsuits featured in Sundays Miss USA pageantbeautiful! We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence
Shameful. After trading 5 senior Taliban for a deserter
Must read  editorial Child Alien Crisis Obama's Fault
The  primary voter spoke last night in VA-7 &amp;  won going away. Now the party MUST stand behind him! Unity Unity Unity!
The 5-star _Ireland graces over 500 acres fronting 2.5 miles on the Atlantic Ocean in County Clare
Congratulations to  on the immediate &amp; tremendous success of his book Special Heart. Already in its third printing!
W/state of the art Clubhouse &amp; our signature amenities
 wouldn't be afraid to tighten our foreign policy! People would once again respect the US if he was elected! 
 . would make an amazing president. Best ever! Sadly
  The Smartest Businessman
 Get this liar out of the White House.  for president 2016! He has the drive and business leadership we need!
   he has my vote we need an Patriot in the White House again.
_aIt is the haste decision of withdrawing troops from Iraq w/o having a fully prepared Iraqi Army. Wrong
  for President! Smarter than any man in the USA!  I agree
Iraq is far worse and of more danger to the U.S. now than it ever was under Saddam Hussein - and this after $2 trillion and so many lives!
   Can't wait 2 see the White House makeover when Trump is president. Our country would thrive!
  He sure has my vote! It's time we get someone in there that has a brain! A business mind to clean this mess up! Thank you!
Eric Cantor's concession speech was ridiculous - acted like nothing had just happened. WE NEED REAL LEADERS!
 I really think  should run for !!! Who's with me on that nomination?!
 Next pres. election is the first ill be old enough to vote in. Would vote for you in a heartbeat!  
  please run for election so my first ever vote could be for you!  Thanks!
  No House Majority Leader Has Lost A Primary Since 1899.
As I have said
Tea Party takes down Eric Cantor - REALLY BIG WIN!
  You have the finances and the name. And we have the votes... Get on it. Lets make it happen.
What I am saying is that we never should have been in Iraq in the first place. Bush was terrible
    By far the best hotel i've ever stayed at! Mr. D is tremendous.
I told you so a long time ago Iraq just lost second largest city as their soldiers drop their guns and run. Only the beginning!  OIL.
Be sure to watch    interview from the     Loved having  in town over the weekend for   A beautiful city filled with beautiful girls Thanks
Featuring five championship golf courses including the Blue Monster
  Amateurs... unfortunate but true.  True
 One of my favorite buildings in Chicago    _tregun  Iraq
  Mr. Trump please build our Military and take care of our Vets as Commander in Chief This would happen!
  There are no friends over there 
 The only strong leader that the Republicans have at the moment is Donald Trump.
Five U.S. soldiers killed in Afghanistan by so-called friendly fire. What are we doing?
_j_roth I was never one who looked at success as bad. For me
  Don the lettering looks sharp in Chicago!   Loving the new TRUMP sign going up in Chicago! Thank you!
 If Donald Trump runs in 2016
_kordish  for president!   Thanks!
The best luck of all is the luck you make for yourself.  General Douglas MacArthur
 Run Donald Run! We need strong
 This is my nephew Mr trump
  _Toronto   Flights cancelled. One quick call to Trump Toronto &amp; I was all looked after
.  Thanks M
 Just heard you on . We can count on you to tell it like it is. From a veteran
 You have to love  Tells it like it is - no BS. Aren't you tired of all the BS?
Negotiation tip Know exactly what you want and focus on that. Trust your instincts
Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one. Be open to changeit's another word for innovation.
Negotiation tip View any conflict as an opportunity  this will expand your mind as well as your horizons. Persistence can go a long way.
The best luck of all is the luck you make for yourself.  General Douglas MacArthur
  trump for president. You are a very wise man that we need in office!  Thank you.
Career Advice from Donald Trump Watch the  video where  is crowned as the 63rd  Via  by   NIA SANCHEZ CROWNED AS 63RD   Been listening to  speak words of wisdom on YouTube every night. He really needs to be our next president  Thx
 Donald
    Your Dad for sure has a son to be proud of....We all are) So nice
  when do you sleep?  Not much sleep for me!
 As a Scot
Heading over to the Miss USA Pageant. The young women participating are amazing and accomplished. Competition is very tough. ENJOY THE SHOW!
The man made climate change that our great president should be focused on is of the NUCLEAR variety brought upon us because of weakness!
The Miss U.S.A. pageant will be amazing tonight. To be politically incorrect
 If  ran for president in 2016
   Trump for President. You would make a difference. I think you're great. Thank you!
  if you were in Washington this country would be in better shape  Wow
 about Bush? He lied about Iraq and WMD's. Cost us 4000 lives!!!  I agree
No president in history has lied to the American people more than President Obama - in fact
  I would vote for Trump! We need discipline
REMEMBER
The same brilliant negotiators that gave up five Taliban leaders for one traitor  are now making trade deals with China &amp; others.No chance
_Tess_Bloom In my first Presidential election that I can vote in I would vote for    Great!
 . Would you be aggressive as President?  Not aggressive
_world  Its embarrassing
  You are the most gracious man in the business nowadays!  I have not heard that one but thanks!
  Not on your watch MR. President... 100% true!
We have to make the U.S.A. RICH again so that we can afford to pay Social Security
 Thank you for coming to Louisiana &amp; bringing $$$! First with your incredible speech at RLC &amp; now Miss USA! You rock! THANKS!
By the end of this year China will be the number one economic power on earth and the U.S. will owe 20 trillion dollars
 What a great golf course
_29 If Washington had  type of leaders
Just toured Baton Rouge
I am in Baton Rouge where the Miss USA Pageant will be shown live on NBC on Sunday night for 3 hours starting at 8 P.M. INCREDIBLE SHOW!
The owner of California Gold just made a jerk (fool) out of himself. Just smile and congrat the winner. His wife was visibly embarrassed!
.   Thank you Andrew -  so correct!
Will be in Louisiana for the Miss USA Pageant which will be on NBC on Sunday night. Watch Miss Pennsylvania
Negotiation tip  The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. - 
  always my role model Thank you.
Thank you to the greatest heroes 
Happy 30th Birthday ! It was great to have  be a part of the series. Only you can  during the LIVE telecast of  on June 8 at 8/7c on NBC. Click for more info Obama is
Learn
BREAKING NEWS  Obama has just made a trade with Russia. They get Florida
 A picture of my fantastic father and myself. Best teacher in the world! A great Fathers Day A great Fathers Day gifta stay at my 5 star hotel  along with items from my signature collection  Reading  's Think Like a Champion . What a great and inspirational book.  Thanks
_Ceo  i always tell people to vote for Donald Trump if he runs for  president. He knows the real deal!
 Call it any way you like
  Obama can strike a deal with the Taliban
  He got the president to show his Birth Certificate! He has clout my friend! He can really stir things up!
I believe that in addition to the 5 terrorist leaders President Obama gave up for Bergdahl
Amazing view of  Trump Collections summer line
. has a wonderful new book  and its proving to be a great success already. Bret is a winner!
Congratulations to  on her impressive  primary win last night. Now all should unite &amp; defeat Bruce Braley this November
_no_evil89  is not afraid to tell the truth &amp; stand up for what he thinks is right   Thank you
_LOM All Mr.  is trying to do is wake everyone up to the truth. Loving the tweets. Thank you.
          speaks the truth and is as successful as he is... must be doing something right. I guess so
_lizzly  Nearly anything would be more effective than Obama.  is the ideal candidate for this country's restoration  Thx.
Obama can release 5 senior Taliban for a deserter but cant make Mexico release decorated Marine Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi. Pathetic
Obama betrays Israel yet again
US trade deficit hit $64B+ in April
.' 7th floor provides the most urbane feel in Las Vegas w/private air-conditioned cabanas &amp; a massive 110 ft. heated pool.
 We need a successful business person to upright the USA...no rookies. Trump is the man to do it!  Thanks
  will you be in Baton Rouge for Miss USA Yes!
I hope we never find life on other planets because there's no doubt that the U.S. Government will start sending them money!
  I think he deals prisoners the same way he deals money.   True!
If you like to work hard
Chris McDaniel looks like he will win in Mississippi - GREAT NEWS and big victory for Tea Party!
Obama never consulted with Congress about a prisoner exchange. HE BROKE THE LAW AND SHOULD BE TRIED. OUR PRESIDENT IS A TOTAL DISASTER!
Are you allowed to impeach a president for gross incompetence?
Was Susan Rice told to lie about Bergdahl? Obama and his representatives lie about virtually everything
.  Thank you for a great and very accurate story - well done!
 If you're interested in 'balancing' work and pleasure
Rapidly failing  magazine hits me for my strong stance against Obama's brilliant 5 killers for 1 deserter trade. Amazing!
_Hausmann What separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate. Donald Trump
The five Taliban leaders released for a deserter must really be laughing and having a good time right now. They are saying how dumb U.S. is!
Our President is a great embarrassment to the U.S. How could anybody be so dumb or know so little as to make the very stupid 5 for 1 swap?
The entrepreneurs ability to dream
Remember our six brave heroes who died searching for Bergdahl after he deserted The problem is that no government can create real jobs. Only entrepreneurs can do that.  Midas Touch
It would be nice if our commander-in-chief was as concerned for our Veterans health as he is for illegal immigrants becoming citizens.
Moving forward f/tonights competitive primaries
  I want you Mr. Trump as the president Well
   looks awesome mr t. Thank you.
  Enjoyed seeing you at the RLC
It's a tough game
Airing live from Baton Rouge at 8PM ET on 
Obamas war on coal is killing American jobs
Be sure to buy this months  magazine. Read A Trump Card
Because of our terrible leaders
President said we would never leave a soldier behind. How about the 4 who died in Benghazi?
Great deal
_McBath Obama is actively destroying the greatest country in the world. We are going to pay a horrible price for his recent actions
 Who knew al Qaeda had such good negotiators. Impressive 5 for 1 against the mighty USA 
Bowe Bergdahl walked off the base after he was told not to. Solders died looking for him. U.S. should NEVER have made the deal! PUNISHMENT?
Only a grossly incompetent government led by an equally incompetent president could have made the terrible trade for Bergdahl. 
That the Obama administration didn't know the facts about who Bergdahl was before making the stupid 5 killers for one trade is pathetic!
  Enjoyed seeing you on ! You should run for President! You would get this great country going again!
    If you run as Donald Trump and not a Democrat or Republican
 Looking forward seeing  on  tonight. Has my vote as the next  Thanks.
 Great show/guest tonight!     Thank you!
 A good  violently executed now is better than a perfect  next week. - General George S. Patton
 Your time on the David letterman show was so much more interesting than dr Phil on kimmel show. You look good. I'd vote 4 u
Entrepreneurs Keep your momentum going! It's a big factor in sustaining your success. Keep moving forward!
Entrepreneurs  If you cannot handle the tough times
  is the visionary with the midas touch. America
  nothing would make me prouder than to see Mr. Trump in the Oval office. Business would get done. Thanks and true.
 Been waiting 3 WEEKS for my fix...D is the man and just states things 'the way they are'. Love his segments. Great
  I give  a lot of shit
. just got firedthe people spoke
Another Obama disaster- _Samuel  was at a whole other level this Saturday. Thank you for coming down sir! 
 Cant wait to see you in the Oval Office!   Make America great again!
  all your towers are breathtaking.Proud of your charisma and versatility. Thanks.
  is the right man for the job 
 .   That wouldn't be hard to do. True!
  2016 is your year! Nobody better prepared to fix our country than you
_Brandoh  Donald for President!  Thanks.
 I hope  runs for 
  if you run...it will be the first time I vote
 The  tower is crazy. Absolutely in love.    
  You are an inspiration to me and my friends
  We need you. You are the answer to this nations problems. 
  running the US is much like running a business
 I'm not sayingTrump should necessarily be a 2 term president. Give him 4 years and he can begin the restructuring of our economy
  my econ teacher says ur the only one who can fix the economy. if you run my whole school will vote for you.
  Trump boldy calls out problems
  Your ties are amazing.  Thanks.
 How many people would vote for DonaldTrump if he ran? I would... if you can make in  New York
 I refuse to vote for anybody but Trump in the next presidential election. He is the only man that can lead this corrupted country
 So yeah the first vote I will ever cast for president will be Donald Trump bc who can really argue with Donald Trump?
 Ur biid 4 Prez n 2016 would make U.S top economic superpower
 President Trump would have America walking proudly
  A successful  bid would restore American exceptionalism
  for PRESIDENT. Time for a CHANGE in the RIGHT direction.
  Donald please run
  watching your c-span special from the other day
The statement about leaving the base came directly from CBS Evening News.
  you need to run for president like right now mister trump
  If you don't run in 2016..... I'm moving to Canada..... Please help us Mr. Trump  Don't move so fast!
At some point Sgt. Bergdahl will have to explain his capture. In 2009 he simply wandered off his base without a weapon. Many questions!
  please run for president to save America. my whole family is knows youre the only man who can do it! True
  not long
  run in 2016 for the sake of future generations. Obama and his friends are tearing America apart.
 Trump 2016! We need someone who not only wants to Change this country but can change this country.  Thanks.
  when the released prisoners kill Americans what does Obama say to their parents?
  wonder how long it takes the released terrorists to attack Americans?
  Just watched your speech at the National Press Club. Fantastic as usual. Please consider 2016. We need fantastic leadership
  Now the enemy knows that capturing soldiers is worth it b/c our idiot president will give them what they want.
The U.S. cannot negotiate with terrorists. It is a sad and terrible situation for the family involved
  Run for president! We need a leader
President Obama created a VERY BAD precedent by handing over five Taliban prisoners in exchange for Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl. Another U.S. loss!
  If you run for president I will absolutely vote for you and so will my family/friends!~ Great!
  That is for sure !! Congrats on your appearance at  in New Orleans TRUMP 2016  Thanks.
  worked there once. Stayed there too. It was a dream both times!
  Great man doing great things  Thank you.
  I saw the Toronto hotel last year - it is a beauty indeed! Great addition to the skyline!
  i hope my children are just like you  So nice
  do you ever sleep? I see timelines from you at 3-5am?  Not much!
I am in Toronto checking the great Trump International Hotel - highest rated hotel in Canada. It is a beauty!
   Well
   You are such a great team I work with my daughter and I can understand the dynamic. Thank you.
The greatest discovery of all time is that a person can change his future by merely changing his attitude. - 
Snowden is a traitor and a disgrace. Make no mistake
MUST READ  via  VA Scandal Grows As Bonuses Went To Worst Hospitals . The Spa offers 5 star services w/ 12 treatment rooms &amp; 53 spa guestrooms overlooking the skyline The American worker is being victimized by our trade policies. We need smart trade which can only be accomplished by smart dealmakers.
Our country is on the precipice. Washington is broken. Where is the leadership?
Our vets are the pride of our nation. The VA scandal is a disgrace.If you can get food stamps so fast
The Dunes of  are a world treasure threading thru  Scotland top Par 72 7
My speech to  on Tuesday at the  on the topic of building a business brand via                                          one beautiful course Thank you.
Via  by  Trump Says U.S. Brand Has Lost Its Luster Today at 130PM CT I will be addressing  in New Orleans   should run for president. Thank you!
 Here I am with  and    A Trump Makeover for Washingtons Old Post Office  Snowden is a liar.and a fraud!
Have you ever seen our country look weaker or more pathetic Snowden
  even after making billions
Entrepreneurs Be prepared and be tough. Cover your bases! There are a lot of ups and downs
Focus on your goals
My speech to  yesterday at the  on the topic of building a business brand via  Intrinsic means basic
. The Spa offers 5 star services w/ 12 treatment rooms &amp; 53 spa guestrooms overlooking the skyline Great  story about our conversion of the Old Post Office building in D.C. to luxury hotel- You cannot escape the responsibility of tomorrow by evading it today.  Pres. Abraham Lincoln
  BRILLIANT! Thank you!
  should be the next president  Thanks.
Thank you for all of the really nice comments and reviews concerning my speech today at the National Press Club. It was my great honor!
Like it or not
The Blue Monster is celebrated in June issue of Robb Report as the Best of the Best winner in Golf Course Category. The Boston Bomber got immediate emergency surgery for a gunshot yet our vets die on waiting lines at the VA. We must do better!
The Amateur. On his trip to Afghanistan
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time.  

Winners never quit and quitters never win.

Results are what matter...A series of efforts will add up to experience and achievement. - Think Like a Champion
Featuring private living spaces
 If someone knows they made a mistake and they apologize
  if u don't run for prez I hope u r tapped for VP or Fed reserve chair or anything.  Thanks.
  When is Mr.  due back? The last two weeks without him on Monday's has scarred me. MONDAY!
  We need you to run for president
_that_actor    If Donald doesn't run
_  run for pres 2016! it will be my first time getting to vote and i want to vote for you Thank you
I am speaking today at the National Press Club
   I agree mr trump. I am a veteran and can't stand what is happening
   Mr. Trump Is A Fine Man &amp; So Intelligent &amp; Dnt Bk Down. I Wid B The 1st N Line 2 Vote.
  run Mr. Trump...please we need you!
 RED in 2014 &amp; 2016 &amp; remove these inept clowns &amp; party out for the next 8 years. Donald Trump run for Pres. Americans are fed up!
What does.Obama know about the VA or business - nothing
  just started my business and everyday I tell myself  Very nice
  My Gram passed in Nov. I sorted through her books today &amp; found all of yours. Gram knew how to pick them! THANKS LAUREN!
  The Obama administration gives better medical care to Al Qaeda at Gitmo than to our vets.  True!
 That limo story with that lucky guy changing the tire was amazing
   . A really great tournament
. - Way to go Rory
Have a great and peaceful Memorial Day - but remember
 The guy next to me on the train apparently supports Donald Trump for president  And so do many others - our country is a mess!
Rising 70 stories over Panama Bay
The ObamaCare websites have cost over $5B &amp; many still do not work The Obama administration gives better medical care to Al Qaeda at Gitmo than to our vets.
The VA scandal shows the fatal ineptitude of big central planning government. When will we learn?
Terrible for the economy &amp; middle class
Remember our brave men &amp; women who have fallen protecting our country this Memorial Day!
Very excited to be addressing the  next Friday in New Orleans. There is much to discuss!
Obama's wind turbines kill 13-39 million birds and bats every year! Congrats to _Mitch on winning a spirited primary. Great job
Via  by  _United sues  for violating 1st Amendment    take a shot at buying the  and keeping them in WNY! 
Exclusive Donald Trump wants to build a luxury hotel in Dubai    Via _ab by  'Trump effect' will see Dubai properties rise 50%  What separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate. -Donald Trump 
Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war. Don't ever get down on yourself
Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere. - Albert Einstein
 Great to see  getting the respect he deserves. A gentleman
   Trump may be the best entrepreneur. Thinking Big and he is also creative
Mike Leach's lessons
Thx
  what books should I read for business? Particularly by you  Start with The Art of the Deal.
beepee2004 Thank you very much Donald. Here is another.   Hi Donald
  did someone say ? Loved your winery in VA
  saw the Facebook specs for the new trump tower in Dubai looking good!!  Thanks.
 Really hoping I magically run into  in New York City this weekend!! He's an inspiration! Thank you.
  All I want for Christmas is for  to buy the  
I have been watching and loving the United States for many years and have NEVER seen it look weaker or less effective!
 Your seminars
   thanks for getting me through finals week Mr. Trump  Good luck!
Talent is cheaper than table salt. What separates the talented individual from the successful one is a lot of hard work.

Some people dream of great accomplishments
Persistence is a key for success. Dont give up. Continue to Think Big and you will be able to close deals.
Just returned from Ireland
 been self-employed since I was 18. You &amp; The Art of the Deal were instrumental in that young motivation. Thank you. Great!
Entrepreneurs Do your best to your utmost ability every day. Make that your standard.
 Turnberry is a great golf centre. Great courses &amp; hotel. Hope you can improve them Donald. It can be the best. Will be great
 Visited Trump International Scotland yesterday
Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere. - Albert Einstein
Going now to make a major speech before some of the world's biggest investors in Dubai!
Remember
A classic - China just signs massive oil and gas deal with Russia giving Russia plenty of ammo to continue laughing in U.S. face.
  We have hope. We still have Mr. Trump!  Thank you!
 Just talked to nice woman at jacknthebox- she's being cut to 30 hrs due to - been there 5 yrs-3 kids to feed Very sad!
  10 years ago we had Steve Jobs
 Wow had a blast today!!! What a guy)  Thanks for the great photos - look forward to seeing the magazine!
 Poll New Yorkers Prefer Donald Trump And Liam Neeson Over of Bill de Blasio Entrepreneurs  See yourself as victoriousand the best way to be victorious is to be passionate. Find something you love doing!
Entrepreneurs  Stay focused and be tenacious. Pay attention to people who know what they're talking about. Stay fixed on your goals!
Entrepreneurs Get a momentum going. Listen
With  and the Chairman of DAMAC in Dubai. Hitting the first ball at Trump International Dubai
You have to be positive every single day. Positive stamina is a necessary ingredient for success.  Think Like a Champion
The roads and sidewalks
We must stop releasing hard core criminals all over the United States. Our country must be strong again!
Getting ready for the big news conference in Dubai. It should all be happening in the U.S.
  Without passion you dont have energy
  You add fun and excitement to all your endeavours which is why they are so successful Interesting!
  COME BACK N FIX THINGS IN USA PLEASE MR. TRUMP
  Every city in the US would be like Dubai if you were president.
_PT  - Ireland
  We won't unless you get elected. Seriously. No politician is capable of fixing this mess not even Cruz or Rand Paul.
I cannot believe how well certain areas are doing relative to the U.S. There is no reason for this other than poor leadership.WE SHOULD BE 1
I am in Dubai with Damac.  PLACE IS BOOMING - AMAZING! Major news conference in two hours. Announcing luxury villas and major golf course.
I really like Jay Z but there is trouble in paradise. When his wife's sister starts whacking him
I will be heading to Dubai where I am doing a GREAT project with Damac - will be a massive success!
30
Amazing five days - developments in Aberdeen
   Can't you just imagine how awesome the country would be if he was president?! Thanks and true.
 If it takes one more god damn tweet for you to run Donald
 Love that  is moving into 
_ramage  Seriously please.run for President. We need someone who can get the job done with competence!
    Yep
  Thanks Ronan
 Great to hear that T just purchased Doonbeg. Exactly what Golf in Ireland needs and a massive boost for our economy.
 Thanks for the golf course in The Bronx! What else do you have planned for us? Hispanics/Latinos love Trump! AND I LOVE THEM!
 One week from today
  Without a doubt but the public is too dumb  Actually
  I want Donald Trump to be president. He knows business and people. He needs to be in the oval office
  run for president please!  Thanks.
_zeee  &lt; this guy needs to run for president! Knowledge is power.   Thanks!
 So many people post hateful messages to  yet they still follow him...secretly envious maybe? No
NobamaCare won't work
  Trump presidency would right the ship. Please run
_Desiree LOL  is seriously the man. Run for president PLEASE  Our next President must be GREAT
Sorry
   Just flew your helicopter from National to Doral best run operation period. You are the man Mr Trump!
 Fantastic to meet  yesterday and be lucky enough to play his truly awesome course in Aberdeen. 
_donoghue Delighted you are investing in Ireland. Great for our golf courses and our economy. Welcome to the emerald isle. Thank you
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower.

I am in Scotland checking on my developments in Aberdeen and Turnberry. Just left Ireland
Success is not final

Winners
   One of the best Business Firm &amp; Family. What a combination. Amazing.  Thank you.
Advice from my father
Donald Trump is confident that Ireland is ready for a big comeback    One of my favorite places in the world. Great resort
 Hope you've enjoyed your time at Turnberry. The surrounding towns will benefit too ! High 5 for the investment  Thank you.
Advice from my mother
Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected.

Via  Donald Trump visits his newly-purchased Turnberry golf resort Be a cautious optimist. Call it positive thinking with a lot of reality checks.
  Art of The Deal just arrived at my house. Cannot wait to start reading this book.. Thanks
Don't wait for dire circumstances to test your quick-thinking ability. Be on alert at all times.
Be flexible enough to adjust to changing circumstances.  Think Big
If you are steadfast in your efforts
Can you conquer the Blue Monster? Book a tee time  right here The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary.

Do your homework. Wasting other peoples time due to poor planning or thoughtlessness leaves a bad impression.  Think Like a Billionaire
 I am delighted that you are getting to experience Doonbeg in glorious sunshine - enjoy your visit  It was fantastic
 Trump has done it again - excellence
DAMAC Properties     Looking forward to welcoming you to Dubai! Have a great trip!  Thank you!
  beautiful hotel
  Welcome to Ireland! Enjoy the fine weather on Ireland's golf courses  Thank you.
Heading to Scotland to check out Turnberry &amp; Trump Int'l Golf Links
Just spent two days in Ireland at Trump International Golf Links &amp; Hotel  absolutely magnificent. Photo from  of Trump International Golf Links &amp; Hotel
If you cant handle the hard times that come with business then you will never be able to celebrate the successes. Focus &amp; Stay Positive.
  _Ireland welcome to Ireland!Very much looking forward to sampling  on my home soil!   Thank you!
It is wonderful to be in beautiful Doonbeg touring _Ireland. I'm truly honored by the wonderful welcome to my family &amp; organization
_Gal    _Ireland  beautiful family!!! enjoy your trip  Thank you.
 Sending a warm welcome to the Trump family who landed in   Enjoy your stay in Clare  Thank you.
With a world-renowned open-air lobby w/ ocean views &amp; top restaurants
 Hey
         
 will do great in the NFL - all he does is win! Bengals made a very wise decision.
 A TRULY GREAT CHAMPION WILL SELDOM FAIL AND ALWAYS COME BACK. NEVER UNDERESTIMATE THE POWER OF GREATNESS! - 
 Watching HBO Tyson my suggestion to all wealthy sports entertainers offer  10%of earnings to protect your interests
  Thanks to you and the wonderful Simon Carswell for the great story on Trump International Golf Links
Time Warner cable out AGAIN in Manhattan - no television. They have a real problem!
  is one of the most successful businessman in America. He's decisions are well thought out and he always has a plan
 Negotiation tip  The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. - 
Rosie O'Donnell just said she felt shame at being fat-not politically correct! She killed Star Jones for weight loss surgery
Via  by  Wind-Power Tax Credits Need to be Blown Away  Obama told his donors this past week public opinion is on his side. Don't believe that one either.
Another historic first under Obama
Must read f/ weeklystandard by  Obamacare Myth-Making - Five phony success stories. Home of the 2022 
DennisThank you for being honest.  Somebody put words in your mouth &amp; you wouldnt take it. Great!  
A rare case where the U.S. should help- A message for Hollywood- Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.    Thomas A. Edison
 Please run for president.We need your help. Get in there and fire those Aholes.Your a legend business man and love America
  now Cleveland and the country needs you to run for President!!!  Thanks.
Cleveland just made a very wise decision - congrats!
Teams are making a big mistake not taking Johnny Manziel - he is going to be really good (and exciting to watch).
   Jerry
Great pick by Buffalo - Sammy Watkins will be GREAT!
I think somebody should pick Johnny Football - he will be a star.
  _Swizzle Very Smart Man. I'd Vote 4 U MR. TRUMP.   Thanks
  You were completely right as always! Thanks.
 Just did my final presentation wearing  tie. Definitely increased my grade. 
  Who goes first? Tell us......quick.  .Clowney
I am watching the NFL DRAFT
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.

No matter how good you get you can always get better and that's the exciting part. - 
Remember
Discover your true self and surround yourself with people who complement your gifts and modes of operation. - Midas Touch
Also
Young entrepreneurs   Remember that your first deals are the most important of your career. Win &amp; gain confidence.
If its worth doing
The object of golf is not just to win. It is to play like a gentleman
The global warming we should be worried about is the global warming caused by NUCLEAR WEAPONS in the hands of crazy or incompetent leaders!
_Brain8  U Mr. Trump cold be the next Ronald Reagan
Dennis Rodman was either drunk or on drugs (delusional) when he said I wanted to go to North Korea with him. Glad I fired him on Apprentice!
Crazy Dennis Rodman is saying I wanted to go to North Korea with him. Never discussed
If you want to be the best
Russia is on the move in the Ukraine
Great decision by  in placing  as chairman of the Benghazi select committee. Gowdy is a seasoned prosecutor.
Congratulations to  on winning  Senate primary. Time for the party to unite and defeat ObamaCare advocate Kay Hagan!
Designed by 
  For the record
Either Miss Pennsylvania will pay
Won $5
We will never have great national security in the age of computers - too many brilliant nerds can break codes (the old days were better).
The road to success is always under construction.   Arnold Palmer
Do not look for approval except for the consciousness of doing your best.

Aside from having no ratings
Just had a great legal victory in Ft. Lauderdale  won trial   now will receive tremendous $ in legal fees from losers. Love it!
 Without passion you don't have energy
   America needs to be put back in the hands of America. Reclaim this country of ours!
  great  to one of the best americans!  follows u always !
  should run for president! What a great vote to make!  Thank you.
   
This guy  cant do a simple interviewsaw him the other night stumbling &amp; mumbling while trying to interview a guest.
Do not underestimate yourself
 You have a cool name for a President Donald J. TRUMP.. I'll pick you as a winner in any race!    Thx
Over 90% of American workers could lose their healthcare by 2020 thanks to ObamaCare. Repeal before it is too late!
Congrats to Barack Obama on Aprils job report. Over 800
  has said for years this country needs a businessman to run it like the biz it is. I think you'd be great True &amp; thx
Celebrated for its room views by 
With the worlds top amenities
  would take this country in the right direction.  
  You could reverse the US economy and unemployment in less than 6 mo as Prez! 
  Simple as that 
 You make this country great &amp; inspire younger generations to become better. You are the American story. Thank you Beth
  We need a business oriented man in office! RUN! You've got my vote!
  Even the Irish are routing for you to become president. Also congrats on Doonbeg golf course. 
_dotty  I admire u so much. U would make a great prez...please run!
  Bring the honesty to the White House. Even  thinks you should! 
   Plzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz run for President
  Conservatives can't afford to be sidelined again
  Dear Sir. PLEASE run. America needs you  Thank you
   I think the twitterverse has confirmed they want a 2016 run that can make a REAL difference-True
  love u!!! Genius! Have a nice day! Thanks.
_VanessaG  Trump for PRESIDENT!!
  your a great inspiration to a lot of people!! Including myself!  Thank you.
  you are the president we need!!  Thanks
  the only thing we need Is you too run!!  We can be great again.
  you are my hero  So nice
  spot on about the media! Honestly
  YOU ARE MY INSPIRATION.  Thank you!
  Mr. Trump
  Listen to your daughter! Run for Prez!
  wonderful ideals on  . We need a phenomenal president like you!
   Donald run please you can fix this mess
  RUN
I will be doing Fox &amp; Friends in 10 minutes at 7.00. Many things to talk about! ENJOY
   Gabriela Isler     Congrats to my GREAT members at Trump National DC on our club having been chosen to host the 2017 PGA Senior Championship!
The ring announcers are working hard to justify the Mayweather victory. They should be ashamed of themselves! A TOTAL JOKE.
No wonder boxing is close to dead!
Crowd is booing the hell out of that phony decision - place is angry and going wild. Fight was not even close! DISGUSTING.
The Mayweather decision is a disgrace!
NO WAY
Fight is over - Mayweather lost big - but lets see what judges say!
Mayweather is getting absolutely killed!
Floyd Mayweather is being beaten up badly through 10 rounds by Marcos Maidana
The reporter that called Kevin Durant Mr. Unreliable should be fired or
There must be a higher standard of accuracy in the media. Incredible that some so-called journalists can make up lies and get away with it
 Donald Trump  was unfairly convicted. He didnt kill anyone. The Italian government should be ashamed. 
_A2011 Yoo  and Jayz On The RunTour tickets are way to high they think everywhere got Donald trump money  Not good
  Reading an all time favorite TRUMP The Art of The Deal! Must read for the go getter make it happen Entrepreneurs!
Have a great weekend everyone and for those of you that are young entrepreneurs
 . ~ AWESOME to read!! I told you that - great piece in recognizing 's impact on !
 RT  Does  realize that the purpose of a magazine is to sell issues?
 RT  Circulation  record low. Spy Mag also failed under Graydon.    Magazine
   I believe the only way out of this soon to be economic disaster is to vote Trump as our next president
  Donald loves the game
  Mr.Trump when are you going to run for president of the United States? We need someone with a backbone and brains
   Meyers is hard to watch  
 Like it or not
_gulbis Donald Trump buys Turnberry   nbc relies too much on an out of touch Lorne Michaels
  remember how awkward Chevy Chase was on his short lived talk show?  But he was better than .
   Give him time! You grew into .. Gotta get into your groove 
  America needs Donald Trump
   Enough Donnie. Stop busting the guys balls.  Why
   Seth should just play the 'best of' Fallon. His show is a cure for insomnia.  So true!
  You should run for President in 2016 and have  as your running mate.  Cute!
_xx_Alesa I know mine for 2016 and you've my vote  Please get our Country back where it belongs. Please!!! Thanks.
.  Seth can't help it - he is really trying hard but just doesn't have what it takes. Very awkward and insecure!
Seth Myers is so unnatural and uncomfortable doing his show that you have to feel sorry for him. Bad interviewer
  Say what you will about Trump
  on our way to Trump International Las Vegas!  It's our favorite place to stay!   Thanks.
 At Military Academy- second from left.  As a Turnberry member congrats on yr purchase.Will there still be a place &amp; role for members in future? Absolutely! See u there
   Looking forward to hearing from Donald Trump at press conference in Shannon on Mon 12th May  Me too.
Weakness of attitude becomes weakness of character.

A feature on the progress of the course   Int'l  Club will feature on  Thurs 8 May 2014  0930 &amp; 1630 GMT 
 Cant wait for 2016 So tired of this weak Adm policy at home n foreign even worse. America deserves better we can do better True!
_jordan  love the confidence that   has. That's what makes a great leader  Thank you
 You bought Turnberry? You own 2 best courses/ resorts in Scotland/ World now! You're a legend! Get a Kilt now!  I'll have to!
   CNN said you supported Sterling but then when they showed the quote I thought no he doesn't!'  CNN lied!
 Congrats on purchase of iconic Turnberry.Great course &amp; a special place for me._Open 1986 Thx Greg
  Congratulations on your acquisition of Turnberry Resort. Spectacular place. Fond memories. My best. GP   Thanks Gary!

  I plan on becoming just as successful and big as  in business.  Greatwork hard!
  I believe the only way out of this soon to be economic disaster is to vote Trump as our next president Probably true!
   and how many of the jobs report uptick is due to Feds hiring  exchange temps!  Good question. ?
Via  by  Donald Trump Buys Four-Time British _Open Golf Course Never make a concession during negotiations that could lead to more demands. Be prudent. It's best to have your concessions predetermined
Negotiations 101 The best deals you can make are the ones you walk away from...and then get them with better terms.
 If anyone can turn around this country and create jobs it's  It will not even be difficult.
_Spinks If I don't see  in office in the next decade
 Please support our  campaign highlighting unmet medical needs of people with  With  circulation and advertising revenue doing so badly
China will now pass our economy this year
ObamaCare not only has brought higher premiums
Will be doing interview on  at 8.00 this morning. Will be talking about getting the great PGA Championship &amp; Senior PGA etc.
Wow
_reid      way to destroy a view...
      thanks Donald! Turnberry will be better than ever!
 Offensive to  &amp;  ~ Windfarms ~    I still believe you would have beaten Obama LMAO  I do also!
  please run for president! We need a competent leader
 . to create US$200m hotel &amp; spa in The Old Post Office
 Loved my engagement lunch at    Turnberry. Thanks Donald Trump for giving us a reason to show it.    Forget Jack and Arnie
Via  US property tycoon Donald Trump confirms Turnberry buy Excited to host two great championships at two of our best properties
Announced w/  that we will bring  to  &amp;  to Trump Bedminster
Getting ready for some big news with my friends at 
Concentration comes out of a combination of confidence and hunger. - Arnold Palmer
   I have to express the great speech you gave us in March at the Trump Doral Golf Tournament. Momentum!  Thanks.
_3   - The Donald gets his men's major 2022 PGA going to Trump Bedminster  Will be amazing! 
It will now start to cool down concerning Sterling and the Clippers. This mess will start to fade
  I'm glad to see you come out strong against Sterling today. Typical Trump
 I saw your interview yesterday &amp; agree 100%. Disgusted how reporters are misconstruing your words. Flat out lies by them.
__Marx  Run for president and save this nation from corrupt politics! 
   Donald Trump has 90
 i think Donald trump should run for president  Thank you
 As long as you're going to be thinking anyway
 Donald Trump has 90
_Swizzle My 666th tweet goes out to  you are the man sir   Great!
Commissioner Adam Silver made a strong and very wise decision concerning Donald Sterling.
  looks like  needs to call in to the   Two of Howard's all time top 5.
The premier landmark in midtown NYC
 They should quote you word for word if they are going to use what you said Selective editing is very unfair True.
 &amp;  to Announce Major Golf News at news conference on Thursday
.  Happy Birthday Jamie!
 I don't agree with you most of the time - but people are absolutely twisting your comments to suit their agenda Thxtrue
  I knew the mainstream media was going to selectively hear what you were saying as I listened to your interview. So did I!
Just to show you how dishonest certain reporters are
Dopey  should force her reporters to be accurateif she has that power.
Its important to listen to what people say. Horrible and disgusting are the words I used in response to Sterlings comments.
It is also amazing how comments can be edited to provide statements that are used in a knowingly incorrect manner.
   are you running for President? You should.  Thank you.
  Donald J. Trump
    im a autism mom my son loves you bunches Greatsay hi to him!
A TRULY GREAT CHAMPION WILL SELDOM FAIL AND ALWAYS COME BACK. NEVER UNDERESTIMATE THE POWER OF GREATNESS!
It is amazing that after lambasting Donald Sterling on 
Young Entrepeneurs Think Big
Is everyone enjoying ObamaCares 21 new 2014 taxes? Obamas 2014 budget eyes $1 trillion hike in tax revenue Putin has shown the world what happens when America has weak leaders. Peace Through Strength!
Watch this amazing ad from  and learn the signs. Red Course redesign is underway. Will be completed in September. Follow all the developments  
I will be doing Fox &amp; Friends at 7.00 - will be discussing the the Donald Sterling (Clippers) MESS!
 Passion is the start; confidence
  Obama makes George W. Bush look like the brightest crayon in the box.
 Donald Trump will forever be Mac Miller's best song.  True - he will never have another one to compete!
President Obama is losing on so many fronts
Isn't it ironic that China is going all in nuclear for energy while at the same time making wind turbines for others. 
  is the world's greatest developer. He's the Rockefeller of this generation.  Thank you!
If you have passion
The only  Five-Star &amp;  hotel in NYC
  Love   inspirational
We allow Japan to sell us millions of cars with zero import tax and we can't make a trade deal with them - our country is in big trouble!
  of course we have cards. Unfortunately we also have a community organizer
  speaks the truth 
  for president!
_dwi2 Without passion
 Ex-Cowboys RB Herschel Walker Like Jerry Jones
  is always right when it comes to political views!! Pro Trump   sir
N.Y.Times headline states Obama suffers setbacks in Japan trade deal. Can somebody please tell him that with all they sell us
   _Charlotte _FDN Thanks-I'm really looking forward to it. You have a beautiful course!
 People need to start looking up to the real Role models Such as Donald Trump and Warren Buffett........ 
  please buy the Bills  
_KBBN   I'm a lifelong Bills fan.   Please save this franchise!  We're ready to win!  
 As a young man when I proposed the Convention Center in New York City. Worry destroys focus.  Think Big
Once you know you love your job
Get to know yourself.You cant improve upon something you dont understand.The more you ask
As I predicted
Thank you  for naming  the  golf course in Miami  W/a newly expanded 27 holes of golfing
 I still have articles from following some of your 80's moves &amp; the Trump game... I was the original apprentice!  Great!
  This is what you have done; its called perseverance. Now persevere to the White House!   Nice!
  Idiots! That's who negotiates. C'mon Trump..America needs you! Thanks.
 I wish   would run for President
 Hey _Charlotte is hosting  Golf Classic on 5/19 benefiting _FDN. Rusty will have a great day!
  The Art Of The Deal is a fairy tale come true. Dreams can come true.  Nice!
  not at all!  the hassle you are getting/have had is truly disgraceful Thanks
South Korea is absolutely killing us on trade deals. Their surplus vs U.S. is massive - and we pay for their protection. WHO NEGOTIATES?
 Had the pleasure to perform for Mr.Trump tonite &amp; told him the world is a better place because of his contributions Great job!
  please buy the bills nflcommish
  u afraid of getting   Always have been!
_Architect Learning to listen to my gut was the best thing I've ever done for myself. Inspired by   Great.
 Mr. T
 i love when  tweets 
  It was great to see you - say hi to all!
I'm not afraid of failing. I don't like to fail. I hate to fail. But I'm not afraid of it. - 
Use adverse events and monumental challenges to make you stronger. - Think Big
The ObamaCare enrollment numbers are a lie.They will be readjusted by the White House at an opportune time
  Congratulations for taking some time to answer tweets
   what's wrong with everyone. Mr Trump will kick ass as president. Economy will flourish.  Thanks and true!
 Seeing how excited Trump is about the bills is awesome. We deserve to have someone committed to keeping the bills in Buffalo
   in grade 7 while others wrote book reports on fairy tales mine was on The Art of the Deal! Always admired you.  Thanks.
   love a view without those damn Turbines. They make ppl sick.  True.
 The Donald would be HUGE Boost for the . Such an icon! I know it would be a huge boost to the franchise &amp; NFL. 
 i love Trump because he actually says whats on his mind
  Very proud to say I live a few miles from this and supported this project from day one.  Thanks James!
   A truly great course.  Best I have played in Scotland.  Thank you.
No surprise Assad is not destroying his chemical weapons. He never intended to in the first place.
New Yorkers will get a chance to see a film for free this summer from  and . My choice? Citizen Kane 
The city of Buffalo is struggling. Moving the  would be catastrophic. The Bills belong in Buffalo!
To be a visionary you have to chase impossibilities. Few ever get rich easily. - Think Like a Billionaire
On rugged Aberdeenshire coastline
  celebrity
  I think you would be a great president but a better NFL owner...especially the buffalo bills! 
   President Trump
  Mr. Trump if you ran the country what's the  thing you'd put in place to improve matters in the United States?  JOBS!
  you would make an amazing president!  Thanks.
  would be the next best in guy next to Ralph to own a franchise like the   
  and a better TV show.   You make great TV Mr Trump Thanks.
_ginett   needs a true businessman to run this nation. You.  I agree
  your the greatest man on earth  So nice
  you have many more followers on Twitter than Mark Cuban  I also have far greater wealth and athleticism!
 I just want  to buy my Bills! Perfect man for the perfect club  nflcommish
  you'd be a great president Mr.Trump Thank you
Interesting how President Obama is flying around in a Boeing 747 on so-called Earth Day!
  anyone who houses the great Jim Kelly in a time of need can be trusted with this franchise  It was my honor!
 Someone needs to start ramping up the dialogue about all this.... I nominate you and would vote for you in a hearbeat
The way President Obama runs down the stairs of Air Force 1
  are you just going to complain about it? Or are you going to make a difference in 2016?  Just watch!
   Please make this happen !!!  
  needs to run for the 2016 presidential election. Intelligent &amp; knows what he's doing.  
.  Thanks for your nice note - they love you at Trump National Doral. You are looking good - will have a GREAT year!
  Vote Donald for President 2016. Thanks.
 Word on the street is  and  are both on   is that true?  YES!
Always remember
    Trump Bedminster is truly special. But then again all of Trump's courses are ! Thank you Ann Marie!
 All eyes on   press conference for 99th Met Open at spectacular Trump Bedminster! See you there B!
You measure your people and you take action on those that don't measure up. - _welch
China is closing a massive oil deal w/ Russia
The NYPD Surveillance Program kept NYC safe since 9/11. There will be tragic consequences for ending it.
Rep. Stephen Lynch (D-Ma) said
Last Thursday Obama said investing in infrastructure would improve our economy for the long term The next day he again stopped Keystone
Congratulations to  on yesterdays successful and safe . The entire country is proud.
Get the big picturebut be prepared for the picture to change. Where there's a will
Understand that difficulties
Think big
With two champion style courses  graces 600 rolling acres along the peaceful and scenic Potomac River Fifth Avenues most iconic building
_Kelly1  I'm not even a  fan and I know they belong here! Devout fans + Trump owned =  
   If you would buy the team that would be awesome! Just an extra win for my squad) 
  The  brand is based on success and being a winner. Just what the  need! 
   would make a winning team as owners of the Bills.Let's do this! Go Bills!  
  Sir
  my son would be ecstatic!! Bills fan from 5 years old! 
   would give the city hope .. would give Bills fans hope for a promising team
_Kelly13  _4  He IS a damn good businessman and a wise investor. I'd say he'd run a great team. 
    First rule of success; a great big ego! Still love you Mr Trump and CANNOT wait for Celebrity 
  you are a God !!! Of real estate A great compliment (and true) - thanks!
Once the tragic mistake of going into Iraq was made
After thousands lost and spending two trillion dollars
There can be no liberty unless there is economic liberty. - Margaret Thatcher
If America unlocked its energy potential
Obama told Medvedev after the 12 reelect
The biggest winner of Obamas 08 win - Vladimir Putin. Ultimately he could be tied with Iran after Tehran becomes a nuclear power.
A storied franchise with a loyal fanbase
We all know that chess is a game of strategy. So is business. - Think Like a Champion
. Club of the Year
Just finished another week of filming . This season
 Trump Estates Dubai unlike anything else in the region     I liked 
_69                      If you buy the team it would win the superbowl! 
  You would rejuvenate the entire city of Buffalo if you bought the Bills &amp; kept them in WNY. 
    please lets have kim novak on celebrity apprentice she would be great  I agree!
  My cousin working with J. Nicklaus to make Ferry Point one of the best golf courses! Will be great!  True! 
Obama through his cronies said the Keysyone pipeline was not political - how much can one man lie about even the most obvious things?
've been watching YouTube videos on 
I will be doing Fox &amp; Friends at 7 (15 minutes). Enjoy it and your day!
  You're so successful &amp; admirable yet your greatest masterpiece remains your awesome children!  Thanks!
  I detest  with a passion!   And for good reason
  Who the heck is Arianna Huffington anyway? Shouldn't somebody check her green card (if that even matters anymore)?
Huffington Post is just upset that I said its purchase by AOL has been a disaster and that Arianna Huffington is ugly both inside and out!
 I know a lot
  When will we see you again in ?  Soon!
 Donald Trump is a leader and savvy businessman
_carrion99 Uwere right
 furious with MSNBC Why don't they just hire Donald Trump and be done with it? And their ratings would go way up
_Weaver_ The  needs the ! Happy Easter! 
Look
     Go Donald! I am with you! . Thanks.
  and I have the same birthday...always praying I can emulate his business saavy. 
  When are you going to give us the big news about your new real estate deal? Looking forward to hearing about it! Soon!
   nah
   Obama is a horrible leader
  Do u think our Government still has the gold they say they have in Colorado
 You see what youve gone and done
HAPPY EASTER - HAVE A GREAT DAY!
_93 No matter what the occasion
  I read your  article
 Mr. Trump
 Buffalo has one great Donald Trump - Doctor at Roswell Park Cancer Institute - We need another  ! 
 Donald Trump will never ever get old. Ever.  Wow
 Words I never expected to say in this lifetime....I hope Mr.Trump buys the Bills. I think its the best for team&amp;fans! 
_G107  I completely agree. I think  would be an excellent owner and wouldn't accept losing! 
  You would be an excellent owner and bring winning back to a great organization and the best fans out there! 
  The Bills need someone that will not take piss poor performance! Mr. Trump is the man! Great things will happen!  
 If  buys the Bills they will win the Super Bowl within 5 years.   
 Im pretty sure the new stadium project would get a kick in the ass if  was the new owner. True. 
 !  explains  perfectly.    The Bills need someone not afraid to take chances. Mr.Trump
_tamx0 Best customer service at the trump hotel 
   Frank
_ I would vote  as president!
  where do you get your energy from? Unbelievable. Maybe sell the ingredients? I wish I could!
   time to get businessmen in DC instead of politicians. Trump for Pres!
Have to go now to sign a great and job producing deal! Good night.
  I recently heard you talked and acted like a Billionaire
  You owe it to this country Go for it You can fix it  I definitely can!
  when are you starting the second golf course at trump international links ? No wind turbines.
   I own a few DT ties from Macy's
  Why aren't you one of the sharks on ? You would be awesome on there!! But The Apprentice is much better!
 An Aussie 
   Putin May be smart but he doesn't have the Art of the Deal!
   Moscow's bully is no match for Brooklyn's finest. Trump by TKO
  I have two of your ties and they are better quality than ties I own that cost $125. At Macy's
  you've got my vote for anything. I'm ready to go to work!  Thank you.
  I'd love to see you up against Putin. It'd be quite a match!  I would win!
Snowden is a spy who has caused great damage to the U.S. A spy in the old days
 Everyone I know in western New York wants  to be the Bills next owner. .
  Buying the Bills would be the best thing for not only the team
  thanx DJT
I give Secretary of State John Kerry credit for working and trying hard
 RT  Stunning hotel! Trump International Hotel &amp; Tower Chicago.  
_tamx0  in love with your hotel Toronto location
  I'll be up the street tonight at Emanu-El. Sending prayers up for your continued success. 
  as my mentor and some1 I looked up to while in college in buffalo I think you should purchase the team. 
_Fox8  for president
Remember
  A very happy
 First night in  hotel in Doonbeg. Great location
I will be working late into the evening closing a big real estate dealsoon to be announced. Happy Easter and/or Holiday to all.
 As much as Buffalo respected &amp; loved Mr. Wilson it would bring excitement &amp; prestige to have Mr. Trump own the Bills. 
  congrats on having 4 of top 5 golf courses in south florida  Thank you.
   My favorite part of school is watching the first season of The Apprentice in Business Tech.  Great!
I was always a big fan of Kim Novak and still ama wonderful actress.
Nasty for the middle class
ObamaCare enrollment lie Obama counts an enrollee as a web user putting a plan in their online shopping carts  The West Coast's most luxurious public course  features spectacular panoramic Pacific Ocean views Why did Pres Obama remove sanctions against Iran prior to negotiating rather than completing successful negotiation &amp; then remove sanctions?
The harder you work
Remember
CBO now estimates that over 2.5M will lose jobs directly because of ObamaCare. REPEAL now before it is too late.
  you will be the savior of the city of buffalo. Please buy the bills 
_alon you buying  would be the biggest thing since they were in 4 straight super bowls. Great for them &amp; 
  buy the  we need proven success.

 If  buys the  and keeps them in Buffalo he'll become a legend.  
Oscar Pistorious is guilty as hell!
  I enjoyed your speech at the Republican Convention in New Hampshire immensely!  Thank you!
 RT  The price of greatness is responsibility.  Winston Churchill
 WrestleMania 23 Always fun to read the  investigative piece re 
  I'm all for Donald Trump owning the Bills. Give Trump a chance and watch the Donald
  you buying the bills would be a dream come true! Thank you so much.  
  we know you would make a great president but talk about a beautiful first lady! So true! 
  I've really come to like  - probably 's best  He was smart and tough!
  If  buys the 
America is at a great disadvantage. Putin is ex-KGB
My speech from last Saturdays _United   My  interview w/  Via  BY   brings charity golf playoffs toTrump Nat'l/Bedminster Entrepreneurs  Ask yourself is this a blip or is it a catastrophe? and your equilibrium will be kept in check if/when hard times hit.
_Bossie Keep the Bills in Buffalo.  can save them. Would be a great NFL owner!  
The price of greatness is responsibility.  Winston Churchill
  I'd Love Donald Trump to buy the  and Also run for Our President!   Deal   Win! Thx.
  if Trump is serious about buying the  &amp; keeping them in Buffalo
_Haz  Donald
 Trump 2016!!!  Rocked it on     Thank you.
  Great interview on .  Thank you.
 I'd rather  run for president than buy our football team.  Interesting point!
 If  does buy the Buffalo Bills
_arellano  The best thing that could happen to New York sports is   buying the bills Thanks. 
      Absolutely love The Trump in Chicago!  The view from the bar is incredible!!  Thank you.
 's Int'l course in Scotland. Ian Andrew proclaims the robe the best I've ever worn. That's awesome.  Thx
Entrepreneurs  Have your own vision and stick with it. Dont be afraid to be unique. Dont tread waterget out there and go for it.
Entrepreneurs Identify your goals
EntrepreneursAlways remember that every day counts. Stay focused. Stay positive and develop momentum.
I pick the best locations- _Charlotte has incredible views of beautiful Lake Norman. Success breeds success. The best way to impress people is through results. - Think Like a Billionaire
My office is at Yankee stadium. Yes
Obama has changed the Census so it will be difficult to measure the effects of O'Care In Hudson Valley  course has pristine fairways
_PeterKing Why do baseball players slide headfirst? Are they just
  Thank you!
  yrs ago I won the 1st season of the Apprentice..Thank you  4 a life changing event
Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions. - 
Dont toss off your problems
Get Snowden back from Russiahe has done tremendous damage to the US &amp; should pay a very heavy price.
On top of the disrespect shown by Russia
Remember
  Wind farms are an eyesore all over Scotland...ruining the most beautiful parts of our country. A disgrace! True!
NYC's sole hammam
I'm convinced that about half of what separates successful entrepreneurs from the non-successful ones is pure perseverance.Steve Jobs
     just love hearing you speak because you speak the Truth!!  Thanks!
 Thanks for hosting our 5/21 President's Dinner  honoring  Founder Fr. Joseph Fessio &amp; 
   love your ties!!
Via  BY Bill Smith GOP rally in Manchester fires up party faithful Summer's almost here
 I cant save for my retirement anymore. I had to buy health insurance; that I can't use. Was given ONE choice. !
Oscar Pistorious
-I have no doubt that you will come to your senses about the costly
. - Ireland just ended the bird killing wind farm near my great resort on the Atlantic Ocean. The reason
  RT  VIDEO  at  on  _ This book im reading by  is truly inspiring.  Thank you.
 _kittycat  Why??? Do you know how difficult storing/harnessing wind generated energy is? Impossible.
  no don't buy the . Buy the   we need a true owner that wants to win!! Please!
  I live in NH and will vote for you in 2016!!!  Thank you!
  Donald
Al Sharpton said they are even making it more harder to register people to vote. Which is worse
Obama lied when he said you can keep your plan
Via  by  TRUMP I WOULD BUILD A BORDER FENCE LIKE YOU HAVE NEVER SEEN BEFORE My interview with WMURs  at  

Big thanks to _Bossie
On the shores of Lake Norman
An appeaser is one who feeds a crocodile

  Thanks. I'm rewinding it now. Always makes my Monday to hear Trump on   Thanks.
   Love watching ya man...wish you did more on Mondays than just 5 minutes or so though.. 
However beautiful the strategy

The people of Ireland are very smartthey just killed an ugly windfarm which would've hurt tourism 

If the wind will not serve
Will be doing Fox &amp; Friends at 7 A.M. (1 hour). ENJOY!
.  Great playing at the Masters and don't get down Jordan
 ICYMI Fantastic commercial  feat.  &amp;  Thanks  &amp;  .  What a great player you have turned out to be but also
  _techpro    I would vote for him Watch Eric Bolling this morning on Fox
   I look up to him as he is my idol  Thank you!
  run Mr. Trump run!! Get this country back on track.
   are you considering running Mr Trump?   YES!
 Show me someone without an ego
  for president! Only man who knows how it actually works in politics!  Thank you!
_techpro Can't wait to see  on  tomorrow morning.   
  Great day at Trump National in Charlotte. You took a good club and made it great. Well done sir. Learn from yesterday

 With Mickey Rooney
It's not enough that we do our best; sometimes we have to do what's required.  Winston Churchill
_in_Dallas   Sir
_girl   Not to mention Melanie would be a beautiful First Lady. I agree!
 Agree that you as Pres would be a great change but I don't think this country can be turned around in 8 years It can be done!
  PLEASE SAVE THE BILLS FROM  AND CANADA   I will try!
  Just heard you're bidding on . As a buffalo native thank you.  My honor.
_grazz   playing there this weekend   Great!
  I'd love to see you as President. You can turn this country around!   Thanks.
   I can't wait
  Beautiful sunset last night from the 18th at .   Winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves.  Donald Trump
 wow.  just hit 90 million...great moment for    As Ive said before
 Negotiation tip  The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. - 
  quote you don't have to be ruthless
.   Congratulations on joining the finest and fastest growing group of very talented people in the City. You will be GREAT!
Congratulations to  - I will see you on the show!
Entrepreneurs


Entrepreneurs
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.   Ralph Waldo Emerson
If traveling to the Windy City to celebrate 100th anniversary of Wrigley Field  is Chicagos  hotel Looking forward to promoting a pro-growth &amp; positive message at this Saturdays _United  Freedom Summit in Manchester.
Into our first week of filming 
 On the stage during the Emmys performing Green Acres with Megan Mullally   had a great stay at   Thank you
  the art of the deal changed my life and real estate career. Thank you.  Great!
 Money was never a big motivation for me
  Without passion you don't have energy
  It falls second to  in my book &amp; it's not near as competitive!  So nice
 I'm not a golf fan at all. I'd say  is one of the greatest shows on Earth.  
  I am democrat and I would vote for you.   Thank you!
Really looking forward to watching The Masters this weekend - one of THE GREATEST SHOWS ON EARTH!
_Marcucci You're definitely going to run just admit it. You would wipe the FLOOR with those clueless academics. 
 . The only OB-vious candidate for the right. The Don needs to run! It just makes sense.
 I honestly think  would fix the mess this country has become.  I could and would'
  I would vote for you because you believe in and love this country like Ronald Reagan &amp; the Founding Fathers did
  what I wouldn't give to see you as president. Let's save this sinking ship!
    Yes
  Absolutely! Plz Run! Bring Respect back to the Presidency with integrity &amp; good moral standing!!
  Yes
  Of all the fellow celebrities you've met
 How long do you think the United States will take to recover from our current administration? A long time
   I was!!! Our caddy Mateo understands customer service... Please recognize him Mr Trump  Great job Mateo
   just played Blue Monster today. First group off at 8am. Great course!!! Phenomenal service!!!
__Mikey__D  Run for President in 2016
 I visited NYC last week and was impressed by all that real estate you have developed in the city. Greetings from Miami.
  _J Mr Trump
  just finished Think Like a Billionaire - again.. brilliant  Thanks.
 I have spread out my son's shots over the past 5 years. He is  fully vaccinated and ready for kindergarten in September.  Great
 we've spread out our son's vaccines as well. He's all set and no ahem came because of it.  Great.
   Best President during your lifetime?   Reagan.
Talent hits a target no one else can hit. Genius hits a target no one else can see.  Arthur Schopenhauer
  the more I keep reading the more respect I gain for you Thanks
  The Blue Monster is a hella kick ass golf course tho!    Thanks.
My  interview re Jeb Bush's absurd immigration comment &amp; _United  Freedom Summit.   Looking forward to speaking at Saturday's _United  Freedom Summit in Manchester. Second visit to New Hampshire this year.
 The Art of the Deal was the 1st book I read of yours and it was n still is a great read. All of ur books r great reads Thanks
  even my little one is loving our stay at Trump National Doral Miami. Fabulous Resort! So many people dont understand I am a big proponent of vaccines for childrenjust not in one massive dosespread them out over time.
.  you were great on  this morning&amp; the Gary Player Villa at  is a hot ticket.
_hasson  Heading to Toronto for for a stay at the Trump. I expect it will blow my mind.  Greatenjoy! 
_J   Mr Trump what book of yours do you think I should read first? My first book
  16 and finished all your books. Awesome. Greatgood luck!
The Blue Monster at Trump National Doral in Miami is doing record business - everybody wants a piece of it. Great reviews. Thank you!
 In life you dont get what you want
. says he is a member of Dallas National but doesnt play golf. Who is a member of a golf club that doesnt play?? No talent! 
Saw  try to hit a ball in Lake Tahoe while I played in tournament- hes got no talent or strength!!!! 
 Donald
 Good luck to everyone playing the  this week
  Kim
It's 4.35 a.m. and I am working on a very exciting (and hopefully very good) deal - a major resort. THE HARDER I WORK
  - the Donald has done great all over!!!!!  Thank you!
 Head Pro  Trump LA
  - the Donald has done great all over!!!!!  Thanks.
  Team Golf Swing Shirt just played at Trump LA with Padraig Harrington -great conditions &amp; a beautiful course
  you done good in L.A. They need to play a PGA tourney here... for real! Launching the Trump Home by Dorya Furniture Collection today. It looks amazing!     I want to work on The Donald's campaign. He is the only candidate worth the energy. 
  Hello Mr.Trump If you were to run for president to show these clowns how it's done you already have my vote
   Problem is so many of our leaders aren't really leaders.Help us Mr. Trump before it's too late
 
_carrion99  Do the U.S. a favor and run for Pres.2016! We need a REAL leader who wont put up w/ shit. Nicely said!
Will be on Fox &amp; Friends at 7.00 this morning - ENJOY!
 Common sense
  Hollywood has unfortunately become a memory. It's nothing but a sign on the side of a hill.  Mickey Rooney
   So happy for her too
   Thanks Xena!
  Excellent taste in Trump Wine. I love Trump red &amp; white!  Thanks.
.  Great job in winning your first of many majors. We are proud of you at Trump International. Work hard - be an all time great!
 No WrestleMania will ever top 23. Donald Trump Vs. Vince McMahon. You are right
  do you think Bush Jr. was a good President? No
  If you could do anything to change the world for the better
  What influenced you to go into politics? It will be the total incompetence of politicians and our leaders!
  if they had to say yes
_blakecox  mac miller pay you yet??               90 million hits and no payment yet
 I may disagree with much of what  says
  pure !  does it the best! 1st class service &amp; I've only been here 30min. Staff is amazing! Thanks.
Haters and losers say I wear a wig (I don't)
 why isnt  our president. our countries financial stability would be so much more secure.  Very true!
_Stocker Love taking a drive up A1A and seeing that beautiful Red
Major League Baseball was really smart when they wouldn't let Mark Cuban buy a team. Was it his financials or the fact that he's an asshole?
For China
 Thanks Kat!
   You are the greatest and You can make this nation  in the world just as it once was....
    Mr. Trump
                 being rejected by  (Bud Selig) is a good thing   mark cuban is a nut. way less powerful than Donald Trump  I agree - also
 Successful people work their asses off to make it
  I love your passion &amp; boundless energy. It's fantastic just how tireless u are in your quest for an ideal America
  The only human i would trust to be president  Thanks!
_that_actor  I've been cheering u on for many moons. But I'm afraid YOU don't have the passion to ACTUALLY run in '16  We'll see.
   you got my vote Mr. Trump.... Great!
  u r my role model since i was 18. Now im 22 and working on launching my own company bcz of ur inspiration.
  You should go to Wrestle Manina. Its Good for business. Us Fans want you as President
  please run for president
  Donald you should be President
 T
 Without passion you don't have energy
  6 BILLION $'s goes missing from State dept -Where's the outrage? If u were Prez- they'd find it fast   would bring us back from this mess  put us in.    True!
  Ummm...I like the sound of President Trump!?!?!  Thank you!
  you are the man plain and simple.  Thank you
   why don't u do it Donald trump  Just watch!
  please do our nation a favor and run for president!!   Somebody good better do that
   Been a long time since CNN was great. Could learn lessons in greatness from you and FOX News. True!
   if you hosted the late show you couldn't run for president.   That is true!
  I cross the whitestone bridge regularly...it went from a dump to a masterpeice...God Bless All You Do !  Thanks
I hate what has happened to the once great .
  can't wait for the golf course at ferry point in the Bronx to open! Excited  It will be great!
 Hey  do you think Les Moonves will give you the Late Show? I would get the best ratings of all!
  they've spent the last three weeks updating us about not finding a plane
    was just thinking that! What a boring show! Snooze fest!
I can't believe that  would waste time and money with  - he has got nothing going. Jeff Zucker must be losing his touch!
_MYU Go for the next President of USA  ... Lets see the impact for the world ... Great man for great world!
  the next Donald Trump! Still marveling at your accomplishments
      Obama would not have won election if he told truth about Obama-Care..
_Tesla In bed with Donald ;-) Great quality cc  There is only one way to avoid criticism do nothing
  Mr. Trump
  Just booked my trip to Trump Intnl Golf Links in Aug So excited to play the Best  Have fun!
  another great evening at MacLeod House  Thank you.
.- one of my favorite musicians- in my office. __HotDawgs   hey can we get a shout out for a start up company in our Entrepreneurship class Work hard and good luck!
  Watching the Celebrity Apprentice love it. Truly my favorite show   Thanks
   you know what is great about you. You didn't just chase a dream
   was always funny watching you two banter! That will be missed!  I agree!
._Reed83  Thanks for your nice words. You are a real champion. Im pushing!
  I like the Donald becuz he is not afraid to speak the truth no matter what it is!  Thank you.
Never let the fear of striking out get in your way.  Babe Ruth
I can't believe David Letterman has announced his retirementhe is a great guy! 
Ask yourself What can I learn today that I didn't know before? Always be a student
                    I have about 40 of ur ties wouldn't wear anything else  You have great taste
  The Trumps are my favorite public figures. Hands down!   Thank you!
 please buy  Upstate NY would love to have you be the owner of our Franchise  Thank you.
If Trump became president he would do an amazing job; if Obama took over Celebrity Apprentice
Great works are performed not by strength but by perseverance. Samuel Johnson
I hear the very ungrateful  has a show that is absolutely dying in the ratings. Really too bad!
  for President! Your the only one who knows how to run this country   
Entrepreneurs Watching you could be the motivation for your employees.Make it an example that will best serve the success of your business.
Entrepreneurs Pay attention to details. If you dont know everything about what youre doing
Entrepreneurs Be cautiously optimistic.  Call it positive thinking with a lot of reality checks.
Visit the highly acclaimed Trump International Hotel &amp; Tower Chicago and its exceptional 'Sixteen' restaurant If everything seems under control

  I am wearing a trump tie today. It is
_One  Chicago had the coldest four months since 1872 (Dec 1st to Mar 31st). Avg temp was 22F
_Buon  I remember many years ago I hated  because the media told me to. I now know he's a true American  Thanks.
  I'm training my employees today wearing a    feeling good and powerful!   Great!
Today in history WrestleMania 23 I shave 's hairhighest rated show in WWE history    People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing. Andrew Carnegie
Discovery breeds discovery
The signature restaurant of 
Yesterday in front of Rockefeller Center  You would make a great President.  If anyone can get us out of debt
 Thanks for being a great role model
 Thank you so much for supporting a larger Galaxy-like iPhone screen. Even with glasses
 Thank you for building a beautiful hotel in Vegas that I don't have to cover my children's eyes (or my eyes) when we enter Thx
  Staying at your Vegas tower. Very nice! Thank you. 
  In spite of the hype it is a great hotel; I was there when it opened a few years ago. Thanks.
  nice clock outside the Aberdeenshire golf course!  Thank you.
  Staying at your Vegas tower. Very nice! Thanks. 
In New York
_handy  if POTUS what would you do with Russia right now?  All I can say is that they would respect the U.S.
  your a respected businessman. Why do you deny peoples knowledge about climate change. You mean GLOBAL W
  I've read Art of the Deal a dozen times! Only you can fix this country! That is perhaps true!
 A GIANT THANK YOU TO ALL THE ON THE RECORD VIEWERS at 7pm  you are THE REASON we remain  at 7pm!  Great going Greta.
     Wind energy is a destructive force for wildlife.  True!
_house  Donald Trump for president!  A very wise choice
     Truth look to Southern California ugly white poles with bird killing fans
  w/ you on those windmills my man!! Waste of $$$
Noisy windfarm driving community crazy!   Because of President Obama's failed leadership
Do not go where the path may lead
   or Never give up they're all my favorite though
  Love to see you one on one with Bill Maher without his morons in his audience. He would have no chance!
  RT  RT _shaun its 
 RT  RT   It's why he failed originally and will fail again It's called disloyal!
_MarcoGenovese  never give up! That's how you make it happen. True!
Sorry
 Sunday nights this Spring just aren't the same without . How much longer? Shooting now
.  Good luck with the Dodgers this season
.  Keep up the great work and congrats - we are proud of you!
   I think you would make a great kick butt President!!
  Begging you to run for President. You must save this country. You're the one who can do it. TRUE!
  i read your book 'Think Like a Champion'. I'm impressed.. It motivated me very much. Thank you.
  You are spot on with your opinion on vaccinations. Big pharma and big Ag control a lot of misinformation. Great job.
    Please keep fighting. Three in one is a cheap but dangerous solution.
  As a pediatrician I have fought multiple vaccine doses in children for years. Thank you for your efforts.
 Your new TRUMP tower in Vancouver looks fantastic. I'm gonna pick up a unit. Just can't say no to 5-star living 
  If u run for president u have my vote Remember that!
 If  ran for president I would actually go vote for once!   Thanks.
   Do u have any idea when the new season of  will be on? In the FALL - shooting now!
 If  retweeted me... I'd prob cry. Your tweets make my day.  Don't cry!
_Rodriguez  your books inspire me
 WHAT DONALD TRUMP DID TO BRING BACK ARSENIO HALL AFTER The  on  _tom  I think if you run you'll get a lot of people that wouldn't normally vote.....vote for you  Thank you.
   or I'm moving out of the U.S  You sound very smart!
   my only concern w/Trump running for prez is that he could only serve two terms!  Very cute!
 Obamacare has ruined healthcare. Everyone I know is having a hard time paying their new plans. It costs too much!
  Would you consider running for pres in 2016?  That absolutely could happen. Our country needs help fast!
  why aren't you president yet?  A very good question!
   It is without a doubt true. Arsenio was a has been that people barely remembered.
 One thing about  he never sugar coats anything...I'm SURE  is appreciative
 . ~ I WAS THERE when  said that. More then once by the way. Just saying
_shaun  its true
  doesn't mention Apprentice because his ego won't let him. It's why he failed originally and will fail again
   The Apprentice has started and revived a lot of people's careers.  Very true!
. - How quickly people forget
. - The only thing you don't mention in the nice Esquire piece about you is The Apprentice
  for president - it's reality
To all haters and losers I am NOT anti-vaccine
To all young (and old) entrepreneurs Believe in yourself
   The Art of the Deal gets my vote. It changed the way I do business. Great!
  Walked in Trump Tower for the first time this week.. Gorgeous (as all your work). Love the Trump experience  Thank you.
Entrepreneurs  Believe in yourself. If you dont
Entrepreneurs  Another question to ask yourselfWhat am I pretending not to see? There may be great opportunities right around you.
For Entrepreneurs A good question to ask yourself What can I provide that does not yet exist?
   i haven't read any of your books yet
Inspiration exists
SSE slashes offshore wind investmentwants British government to pay for its losses on these monstrosities   Join 
With autism being way up
  Nice picture Donald. I can see where your great looks come from. Your parents did a great job! Thanks.
  indeed she was Mr.T she also looks like she was beautiful person as well  Great moms matter they shape who weR Thank you
                                 Both your parents were very nice looking.  Great photo! Thank you.
  enjoying the Toronto property for my first time.  Great service from Shane and Ali. Thank you. 
_JAD   your Trump Hotel in  is spectacular. Amazing strip views. Thank you.
Healthy young child goes to doctor
  Do you think your book from 2004
  thank you for stand on child vaccinations. 35yr ago 1 child in 3 counties. Now 3 classes in some schools
_  You inspire me.  Thanks
   Someone I know has a child who had a seizure within minutes of a shot in Dr's office
 words to keep in mind every day for getting rich! You're the best business man
Coach W to his basketball players - BE QUICK BUT DON'T HURRY!
  the most brilliant observation you have ever made. Parents should take your advice
If I were President I would push for proper vaccinations but would not allow one time massive shots that a small child cannot take - AUTISM.
  when I was a kid
Autism WAY UP - I believe in vaccinations but not massive
 Please run for President and announce it in NH! We need someone that can turn this country around from the ground up! True!
  IS THE MAN!! Give us a shoutout for your friends in Ireland Donald!
 Money was never a big motivation for me
  you are truly the greatest person Alive!!!!    Wow
   actually not a rich boy school
 Please thank  for his cool note to me supportive of the fight for justice for Joe Paterno.
  Love this picture and she was a great beauty!  Thanks for the private family picture. Thanks.
_Lynch1  Playing  aberdeen course tommorow heard its amazing soon find out  Enjoy!
  wow wow wow!!!!! Your mother was a stunning drop dead gorgeous woman just like    True!
   I'm sure they're very proud of you and what your family has been able to accomplish They were great!
                       Your parents must have been wonderful people. Thanks for sharing. They werethanks.
  is this  ?!   any books you suggest for young entrepreneurs? Midas Touch is excellent &amp; written for entrepreneurs.
  we need someone to lead the party strong person behind the man
 Trump you inspire me to be successful everyday.  Greatgood luck!
 For all who have been asking
Edddie24   Mr. Trump is a real American patriot.  You have my vote if you ever ran.   Thank you.
 I want someone who is liked by half and considered a SOB by the other half - I bet Mr Trump fits that   Interesting.
. is terrificcongratulations on Hall of Fame.
 You were 100% on the mark Donald when you said we should have taken some Iraqi oil ... True
 Ireland Golf Tourism will give  a warm Irish welcome. the Lodge at Doonbeg   Come on DT  ... fly in! You must visit stage 6!    It will happengreat going.
Remember
  Run for Prez Donald!!! You'll be great!! What America needs!!! Save us from this Marxist!!!!  Thank you
    we need you  Thank you.
  Please run for President
Listen to my interview with  at  -   Finally they're filming the celebrity apprentice! Can't wait for the next season    Soon!
  then run for president! !! Sick of the crap going on in the white house.  Thanks.
  trump for office!! He's a good man! I am?
  It's tough work reading all those speeches from a teleprompter. Real leaders lead. Like you Donald!! Please run !! Thank you
   How long would Obummer last on The Apprentice Donald?   No comment.
  I played it yesterday and I have to say it was the best golf course I've ever played. Thank youso true!
_  Just left The  Building in NYC. - beautiful building and very professional.  Thank you.
 Donald. He was a great iconic leader- hoping you can be one for US in couple years too!   Thank you.
   tweets the best quotes. Perfect motivation for an aspiring entrepreneur. Thank you.
I will be ON THE RECORD with Greta Van Susteren  tonight at 7 pm eastern/FOX News Channel
If you're going through hell
Success is not final
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something
Some great quotes from the legendary and courageous Winston Churchill Never
If youve looked over the years
By Obama mentioning Manhattan yesterday in his response
 Watched his speech yesterday...pathetic. Carter-esque
This is the time for the United States to be strengthening all important military components - not rolling over and dealing from weakness!
Not good or smart for Obama to be calling Russia a regional power or to mention the concept of a nuclear weapon going off in NYC.
President Obama looks absolutely exhausted in the Netherlands. He is not a natural leader
He that is good for making excuses is seldom good for anything else.  

Robert Slater
Getting to the point is appreciated by everyone. Here's some advice for public speaking Be sincere; be brief; be seated.  F.D. Roosevelt
  will you please run for the president United States we really need a swift kick in the ass.
 My understanding is Tim Cook lies awake most nights worrying about what you think about their latest iPhone.  True!
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take.   Wayne Gretzky
I had a great time answering your questions in the latest . Watch and see if your question made it in-   you tweet a lot of great and motivating things but I'm waiting for the tweet of all tweets trump2016 Thank you
  Staying at Trump International Resort in Miami. Well done sir. Wish we could stay a couple more days! Great family vaca Thx
  I've had the pleasure of staying here with my family talk about exclusive service best resort by far. Thanks.
   When will  be back? I miss TV's best reality show!  Very soonshooting now!
Thank you to  &amp; Sports Illustrated   for the really nice piece about me. March 17
Obama should stop running down the stairs when getting off Air Force One.  Doesnt look presidential and at some point he will take a fall.
I wonder if Apple is upset with me for hounding them to produce a large screen iPhone. I hear they will be doing it soonlong overdue.
Obama must now FOCUS
The situation with Russia is much more dangerous than most people may think - and could lead to World War III. WE NEED GREAT LEADERSHIP FAST
We should be building up our military and our missile defense systems to their highest levels ever. Must be very strong to prosper &amp; survive
I believe Putin will continue to re-build the Russian Empire. He has zero respect for Obama or the U.S.!
Putin has become a big hero in Russia with an all time high popularity. Obama
Great advice from my mother Trust in God and be true to yourself.  Mary MacLeod Trump
Great advice from my father Know everything you can about what you're doing.  Fred C. Trump
Continuous effort - not strength or intelligence - is the key to unlocking our potential.   Winston Churchill
President Obama
While Putin is scheming and beaming on how to take over the World
I don't hate Obama at all
We're spending a fortune looking for the lost plane with mostly Chinese passengers
President Obama was able to fool the Americans by getting elected
Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again
Things turn out best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out.    John Wooden
We are excited to announce Trump Estates at Akoya by DAMAC
 . what is ur favorite plane?  Boeing 757 and Citation X.
Looks like plane may have been found in the Indian Ocean off the coast of Australia.
Lithium ion batteries should  not be allowed to be used in aircraft. I won't fly on the Boeing 787 Dreamliner - it uses those batteries.
Plane was carrying those terrible lithium ion batteries
_LaPenta  That's why we need you in 2016.
 It's very important that he fills out his March Madness bracket on SportsCenter while Putin takes over eastern Europe
 I love ! Great!
  Then you should run for president! I know you could turn this country around.  I definitely could (fast)
  they also kill thousands of birds here in CA. 
   Windmills in western NY State are a complete eyesore. Beautiful views ruined by propellers.
 Im voting for  to b president of the WORLD n clean up this mess were in!!! And we are truly in a mess!
It's almost like the United States has no President - we are a rudderless ship heading for a major disaster. Good luck everyone!
.
  hey. You are so cool and I'm voting for you in 2016  Very nice!
 This what we really want in Aberdeen? Wind turbines are destructive to tourism etc. Head on over to my Facebook page to have your questions answered in the next -       Thanks Dan
Re Negotiation Know what you want &amp; think about what the other side wants. Know where theyre coming from &amp; do not underestimate them.
The Donald J. Trump Signature Collection's new line is out  ties
Business is an art in itself &amp; powerful negotiation skills are one of the techniques necessary to facilitate success.- Think Like a Champion
Entrepreneurs who develop their Midas Touch do not work for money. They work to create or acquire assets. Focus on assets.  Midas Touch
     man DJ! You are such an inspiration brother. Thanks for being you! Thank you.
 You also hosted the greatest MMA event of all time... ... TWICE!!! You are a great American sir.  Thanks.
_jimber                    I just got one of your Ties such a nice brand. Great! Thx
   Please stop renovating/creating golf courses. We need you to renovate the White House!   Cute!
  Finally read The Art of the Deal. Outstanding book and applies to every facet of life   Thanks
It's not that I'm so smart
  you are a true role model of success. Thank you for being my inspiration   Thank you.
_lestari The best investment I made
                      AND YOU LOVE WHAT YOU DO.. RUN  FOR PRESIDENT. YOU WILL LOVE IT  Interesting!
 A great sports fan &amp; business man! DT &amp; his son w/George &amp; Billy during Spring Training Get to the essence immediately. Learn to economize. People appreciate brevity in today's world.  Think Like a Champion
The only way to do great work is to love what you do.   Steve Jobs
President Obama could totally solve the problem with Putin by demanding that Russia sign on to ObamaCare
_TTG  for president 2016!!!! Economic genius is what we need !!!!!!
  You need to become president before world war 3 starts!  Do not kid yourself
Wow
   you are the only candidate that would make me vote republican. Today's world needs a real leader. Thank you!
    The only reality show worth my time is . Thanks
Some people dream of great accomplishments while others stay awake and do them!
 Trump 2016 is the only way to stop the decline of the West. Only one man in America could deal with Putin 
_Columbo  please run for president. America needs you
  Hopefully your breakfast is with your 2016 pres exploratory committee  Hopeful
  only deal should be Presidential Deal....hurry.  We need help fast!
5 year old Trey has terminal cancer. I'm helping him go to Disney
There are many editorial writers that are good
 Thought your show would never return. What is start date.   Start shooting next week!
Join  and light the world blue on 4/2.  will raise awareness for millions with autism!
Some people dream of great accomplishments
The best vision is insight.  Malcolm Forbes
I won't be doing Fox &amp; Friends tomorrow morning in that I have a big breakfast meeting on a deal. I will be back next week at 7. Thank you!
 What a fantastic test of championship golf. Congratulations to Team Trump on a superb result all round . Best
When nobody wanted the UFC
  Dont think your more than donald trump...he is the best   Thanks!
 Somebody said the first casualty of war is truth. Somebody tell Kerry to take DT with him to negotiate the Russian surrender.
Frumpy and very dumb Gail Collins
.  As a true champion you must have enjoyed how difficult but fair The Blue Monster played last weekend. Gary Player Villa loved!
While I won't be running for Governor of New York State
_shaun  don't run for governor go for the White House!!! 
The top leadership of the New York State Republican Party is totally dysfunctional - they haven't won a major election in many years.
I have clearly stated that if the New York State Republican Party is able to unify
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence
 BEST on Mkt! We've rented these amazing homes forever! Sales too. 2 highest apt rentals '13 One who fears failure limits his activities. Failure is only the opportunity to more intelligently begin again.

  shuts down NBCs  Putin has eaten Obamas lunch  Putin has eaten Obama's lunch
  Mr Trump
  Thanks!
AMAZING how the press protected President Obama when he did the so-called comedy routine with Zach G. He looked like a fool - they said cute
  you are my hero man
   also was it the lawyers that lost or the client they represented? BOTH!
  is in my psychology book from the 90's and still looks the same.   You may love 
_2  By failing to prepare
  you are just smarter and better prepared  So true!
_Sutt  Wharton baby!
  Mr.trump you said that you would run for president if nation got worse. It is real sad now...
I just beat a lawyer from Yale and a lawyer from Harvard
 . officially confirms on  this morning Miss USA pageant will be coming to Baton Rouge in June.
 .... loved you on Today!! Your were great!!!  Thank you!
Just did theToday Show to announce that Baton Rouge
Trump Victorious in Fort Lauderdale Litigation Congratulations to  for the two top rentals in 2013!  Wow
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other. 

By failing to prepare

I love taking lawsuits all the way when Im right.   is finding that out the hard way!
With the complete Ft. Lauderdale victory
JUST IN  A jury awarded a complete and total victory in buyers remorse lawsuit against me in Ft. Lauderdale.
  Mr. Trump
     So excited for tomorrow to head to  to tour  Tower! I am so looking forward to meeting 
  You rock....ditch the haters
The secret of getting ahead is getting started. 

                          I love all of your books very helpful  Thanks
You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else.

 If you run you got my vote. You know how to run business and grow it. That's what our country needs.   Thanks.
Rosechem1 One of the reasons that I like you is because I feel that old American greatness in your mentality. It makes me feel hope! Thx.
  Having role models like  and  is the best thing in life! They set standards &amp; we can follow Thx.
 tried yr mobile app to check out yr hotel rates in Doral. App works effortlessly
                             going there for my honeymoon in October. Can't wait Great!
_torch   Reasons why I love  he isn't afraid to speak his mind and call people out  True!
   Congratulations to Patrick Reed for his win yesterday ! The new  lived up to its name  Thanks Joe.
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.

  You may be the only conservative who can win the 2016 Presidential election. Please consider. I will!
  LOOKING FORWARD TO TAKING ON THE MONSTER SOON!!! SO WHAT IS THE DONALDS BEST ON IT?? EXCITING LOOKING COURSE!!
  when does celebrity apprentice start- spring is in the air
Have passion
The massive Blue Monster  is getting rave reviews. I built it in one yearno easy feat!
Ive been watching very little  latelythe good news is Im switching over to   and .
Other  worthy people were taken off the  list as well. Stupid poll should be canceledno credibility.
The  25 poll is a joke. I was in 9th place and taken off. (Politics?) No wonder  ratings are going down the tubes.
Congratulations to Patrick Reed for winning at Trump National Doral. He told me The Blue Monster is the best course I've ever played
Will be on Fox &amp; Friends at 7 (10 minutes). ENJOY!
 . Not sure what was more impressive today....Tiger Woods making 8 birdies or your golf course.
    You guys are Amazing! The 2014   is !
 The Blue Monster is definitely an amazing and beautiful course. It is more than just a Masterpiece - it is Immortal
  Keep fighting the good fight. You speak the truth. Trump 2016!!!
Leaders at Trump National Doral are only one under par. The great Ben Hogan said
The newly built Blue Monster at Trump National Doral is being considered a masterpiece by almost all who see it and play it - THANK YOU!
  great speech yesterday. Trump/Cruz 16 Thank you!
   Yep
_WatchMyProcess _pardee My take from  's speech was better than 's 
The road to success is always under construction. 

Congrats to  and . I really enjoyed being therethe response was so terrific!
  Thanks Sasha!
   Awesome speech!   Awesome speech! You can watch it here      course is beautiful. I played there in 2012.
  for president   Thank you!
The unbiased reporters and attendees said mine was the best and most well received speech at CPAC - THANK YOU!
Actually I was very nice to Jimmy Carter during my standing room only (&amp; standing ovation) speech for CPAC - stated better Pres. than Obama!
Of course I don't think Jimmy Carter is dead-saw him today on T.V. Just being sarcastic
Trump International Hotel &amp; Tower Toronto continues to receive accolades. Great city
Is business success a natural talent? I think it's a combination of aptitude
Get to the essence immediately. Learn to economize. People appreciate brevity in today's world.  Think Like a Champion
We create success or failure on the course primarily by our thoughts.

The more predictable the business
Elite Traveler &amp; the 12 Best Hotel Room Views in the World You're never a loser until you quit trying.  Mike Ditka
Success breeds success. The best way to impress people is through results.  Think Like a Billionaire.
The opening of the  Villa at trumpdoral     Just read  Midas Touch cover2cover. Tons of notes for  thank you &amp; Robert too! Thank you
_mh 
  Charlie
 Thanks Colleen!
Live on the edgeno complacency is allowedand keep an open mind. Business is a creative endeavor.
If you're passionate about your work
Remember to keep goingif you stop
.                         

. The 2 people I am most excited to hear speak on Thrursday at  is  &amp;   Thanks.
Actually Putin doesn't want Alaska because the Environmental Protection Agency will make it impossible for him to drill for oil!
What do you think Obama will do when Putin seizes Alaska?
Baltimore just set a record for the coldest day in March in a long recorded history - 4 degrees. Other places likewise. Global warming con!
. Romney strongly stated
New York Magazine just named the most influential tweeters in N.Y. and one Donald Trump was  after ESPN. Actually
  I'm skipping Cap. Hill meetings to make it to your  speech! Any hints on the topic??
    ; Based on the photos and articles I've read
 If  was president
  you did a great job at the Oscars
   - Players have been raving about how nice the course is &amp; how much they are looking fwd to it.
. It was great having you play The Blue Monster. Thanks for your nice statements-many agree that it is best they've seen!
   - Players have been raving about how nice the course is &amp; how much they are looking fwd to it.
Very exciting week for . I will be in Miami opening what will soon be best resort in U.S. World Golf Championship this week!
  Ellen
I have always liked Ellen
Ellen was so awkward and insecure last night. The pizza skit was terrible. She should dump Andy Lassner
  your tweets made my night
  Donald Trump was the best part of the 2014
_man1973 The best ending to the  would have been  saying You're Fired
  I think you could have directed a better oscars mr. Trump  MUCH BETTER!
_  When do you plan to announce your eventual run for the presidency?  We shall see!
  Goes to  Best tweets of the night. 
  Thank God it's over!
  hi Donald genius
  thanks for a memorable oscars!   No problem.
 Ha I didnt have to watch the  thanks for keeping me updated 
_rezvani  You need to run for President. This country needs you.  zip. I know!  
What is he reading? 
_Brandoh  Only 1 solution for the Oscars
M.M. is a good choice - also
  So true. Ellen is a train wreck
  is my favorite celebrity/business man
  You inspire me to keep going on every day
  I wish I was watching your presidency campaign instead of the oscars
  is really not liking the Oscars. He tells it the way it is
Angelina and Sidney had a really strange vibe going! 
_north43  is the man So true!
Was President Obama in charge of this years Academy Awards - they remind me of the ObamaCare website!  .
  run for president please.
_mayne  You've won me over. Great job tonight. I'm not trying to win anyone over
  I love how you handle the haters You mean the haters and losers!
This is Amateur Night - who the hell is in charge of this production? 
  You are the most negative person I've ever followed.  Thank you!
This cannot be the the Academy Awards  AWFUL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
  hahahaha Mr. Trump you're epic see you in Toronto in May at the Canadian International )
They should have allowed applause during the TRIBUTE to the departed - Really bad production. Bette Midler sucked! 
Little Andy Lassner
_R0BINS0N  is on point with his tweets about the  tonight. Hilarious!
 Hahaha  is killing it with the  tweet.
  why the fuck do I even follow you? Because you're addicted to genius
Judy Garland was much better
_eats best part of  so far is reading 's twitter account I agree!
I don't know how much longer I can take this bullshit - so terrible! 
Ellen is sadly having a hard time with her lines. 
Do you believe this singing? 
Which is worse and which is more dishonest - the  or the Emmys?
They must be kidding - can this be happening 
Certain people are ruining their reputations tonight-really sad! 
I should host the  just to shake things up - this is not good!
Just terrible! 
Is this boring or is it just me? 
  but my new trump ties rock!!! That's true!
I'm having a real hard time watching the Academy Awards (so far). The last song was terrible! Kim should sue her plastic surgeon! 
  please help a NY 2 yr old boy beat cancer.  If Donald Trump was President of the USA am sure negotiations on the crisis in Ukraine would be moving forward now
_shaun  your tweets make my day your awesome Thanks!
  TRUMP-PAUL 2016 ?
I am at Trump National Doral in Miami as the best golfers in the World start arriving for the World Golf Championship (Cadillac). A big week
Sissy Graydon Carter of failing Vanity Fair Magazine and owner of bad food restaurants has a problem-his V.F. Oscar party is no longer hot
 Get in
 I'm holding off on forming an opinion on the Ukraine situation until I hear what Donald Trump has to say about it. Very smart!
 Just received my order of  brand ties in the mail today. Sharpest looking ties on the market. Thanks!
_GriffinJr   great pairing of a political powerhouse and a business genius! Thanks
Will be playing golf today with Rand Paul at Trump International in Palm Beach. Will be both interesting and fun!
  if you ran for pres in 2016 you would have my vote no question! Thanks.
_Eassa  Most don't know the Chinese float the yuan at an arbitrary ratio to the US dollar.They will screw us as long as we allow!
 Thank you  Trump Charlotte is a beautiful place     thoughts on Ukraine? Plz run for President so we can have real leadership for US!
China has just intervened to lower the yuan- in other words
By popular(extremely) demand
. and his incredible wife  did a fabulous movie
I'll be playing golf tomorrow in Palm Beach at the number one rated golf course in the State of Florida
The World is falling apart around us
The U.S. has appealed ro Russia not to intervene in Ukraine - Russia tells U.S. they will not become involved
Obama just stated he didn't take school seriously
Congrats to R. Emmett Tyrrell
Lightweight  phony lawsuit against Trump U was decimated by the courthes a loser!
Black politicians are in prison based on Shirley Huntleys statements but not white  RACISM!  I think the  was far too nice to sleazebag . Hes got plenty more to worry about!.
Congrats to R. Emmett Tyrrell
 Had a meeting with an ex Trump employee yesterday who went on for hrs about how good &amp; nice you are to employees. So cool.
_nixz You have to think anyway
 Have u all seen the Trump episode of mighty planes? Its very cool how professional the captain/pilot is! The plane is 1of a kind!
_Cheru RT  Success tip Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau
Congrats to Charles  for his statements on climate change
. has never once said that he didnt ask for campaign contributions during the investigation.
Disappointed the  article on  did not bring up his dealings w/ Shirley Huntley.  Experience is not what happens to you; it's what you do with what happens to you.   Aldous Huxley
Success tip  Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities &amp; possibilities
Success tip Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it. There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface.
Success tip Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau
                        You're a true inspiration and leader. You would make an excellent POTUS!  Thanks.
             

Lightweight  is driving business out of NY so that he can get publicity for his failing political career.
Wow
                       

 Great advice. My Dad (also a developer) always reminded me that we're in the problem solving business.  So true!
                     words of wisdom from the pro himself!!!! Inspiration!!!&lt;3  Great!
_altitude1  Watching a program about  private 757 definitely the Ferrari of the sky......beautiful  Thank you.
 I would endorse  in a presidential run &amp; would guarantee he could create fast economic growth in a year.Thx
  As a Dutchess County resident
                 

                              

_Ellyn                      

  I find myself constantly thinking about MOMENTUM thks to you.  Keep giving great advice
                    

   Trump Tower is a gorgeous building inside and out and hell of a compliment to the NEW YORK skyline.   Thank you.
                           

Just did final purchase on fabulous  in Ireland. Will become Trump International Hotel &amp; Golf Links
To aspiring entrepreneurs Be tenacious. Once you've decided on your goals
To aspiring entrepreneurs  Be ready for problems. You'll have them every day. So remember to look at the solutionnot the problem.
To aspiring entrepreneurs  Trust your instincts. They are there for a reason.
To aspiring entrepreneurs  Be focused! Know your goals. Put everything you've got into what you're doingevery single day.
Models! Remember to register for the Trump Model Search. Check out the info here                           

Congrats  on fantastic articlewhen B writes so nicely about you
  is about to be a little more lively
 saw this today from a few hundred feet! Very impressive building! With the World hating us and wanting to destroy the U.S.
  R the rumors true Mr. Trump? R U running 4 Pres. We need a smart person in the White House.
  You know
Iraq buying $200
 Played the new Trump Doral this morning! Should be great for next week! Thx Sergio
Building a personal brand? Then focus on being great. Focus on being the best at what you do. Excellent article Entrepreneurs Keep your momentum. See yourself as victorious and leading a winning team. Keep everyone moving forward.
Entrepreneurs  Don't expect anyone to be on your side. Sometimes we're all in this alone. So believing in yourself is mandatory.
Entrepreneurs  Everything starts with you. Leadership is not a group effortif you're in charge
We could make America great again by spreading ObamaCare throughout the World while at the same time  dropping it from U.S.!
Whether you like it or not
  not only would you be an amazing President
Will be doing Fox &amp; Friends at 7 A.M. - 20 minutes. ENJOY!
Russia beat the United States in the Olympics-another Obama embarrassment! Isn't it time that we turn things around and start kicking ass?
  Is it just me or does the idea of a president who knows how to succeed and lead actually seem possible.
    You are an amazing inspiration. Ignore the haters. I do (as much as possible!).
   I'm one of them. You'd be an excellent president.
_ Wearing my Trump shirt to school tomorrow  GREAT!
 .   needs you Donald. If you don't run I'm afraid for the future generations.
   He'll never run
_xx_justme   I think you should run for president. So do many others - thanks! You have my vote
_2155  you're seriously the best i miss the celebrity apprentice so much.   We shoot in 3 weeks - GREAT CAST!
  I think you should run for president. So do many others - thanks!
Do you think that very dumb reporter(blogger) McKay Coppins has apologized to his wife for his very inappropriate behavior while in Florida?
_Nation Michael Savage Donald Trump Is The Only Republican That Can Beat Hillary . - You have done an amazing job - I am proud to have been there at the very beginning!
 Best Course in the World       proud to have you 3 on our side ! Thank you.
.  Great seeing you last night at record setting Mar-a-Lago Republican event. The crowd loved you!
_andnoble If donald trump runs for president I will be beyond happy...if he wins I will be beyond
  what is the secret behind your success? Good ideas and concepts but
  for president- and some ignorant fools don't understand I am campaigning for him_ dead heads .
  the Country needs a business man in charge that is not afraid to call out China. DT for P!  True!
 If Donald Trump is our next president
 Conservative leader Al Cardenas describes  as a true patriot./AM Great.
  rebar at Trump International Chicago is awesome.
  for POTUS 2016/ for FLOTUS!!   I can tell you with certainty
Great minds have purposes; others have wishes. Washington Irving
Great works are performed not by strength but by perseverance.

 please save this country Mr. Trump
_31  If you run sir you have my vote!!!  Thanks.
  You're brilliant!  I know
  if u run 4  that's the only way I'll vote republican. Pls consider running. U'd be g8t!!!n Thanks
  should be president. He could get things DONE.  That is so true!
   and that's all i'm going to say! Thanks!
  when and if you run
  this country needs someone like you that speaks their mind and is great with economics/finances. 
  looking forward to going on a nature walk at the golf course in  tomorrow with my daughters! Great!
  if you run for president in 2016 you would have my vote !
  Mr. Trump
  Is apprentice coming back on the air?  YES
  If you run for POTUS. You will WIN! Just think about that.  Thank you.
  
_Cook  how do you feel about Kevin O'Leary from shark tank? Reminds me of you. But I have much more money &amp; hair
  please run for president. This country needs your wisdom.  I agree
    come play Trump's course at The Point in Charlotte NC! You won't be disappointed!
   or buy my books
_lumetta I've been the first one to favorite three of Donald trumps tweets and I'm pretty proud.   Great!
 . why didn't you just add Be sure to tune in to NBC this Fall for the Apprentice? A very good point!
. Thank you for all of your support
   We need you and Giuliani in Whitehouse. We need a crime fighter who knows crime!!! And your creativity.
.  I created far more jobs and success in Dutchess than youyou should be Fired.
I took a failed club in Dutchess County &amp; made it a great success plus many jobs.  should be thankful.
                     

. can create tens of thousands of jobs by approving casinos in Miamiit's time. 
Individual commitment to a group effort  is what makes a team work

                           

A poll of the Miami-Dade was conclusively in favor of gambling in Miami.       I dont care how old it is
 I think it'd be cool if  ran in 2016. He'd get my vote Great!
 I'd vote for  in a heartbeat  Thanks.
Governor Cuomo is right about one thing - Attorney General Eric Schneiderman does wear eyeliner! What the hell is up with him?
_Brannstrom  inspires me. Every day.  Thank you.
   how nice of this punk with a pen to call a truce after he tries to show u up w/his bs!  True
_fournier  Actually
Thank you to Jeffrey Lord  for his incredible &amp; insightful article this weekend on failing &amp; irrelevant 
For the NY State Repubs to waste time
Thank you to Matt Boyle   for analytical &amp; well written piece on sleazebag blogger  &amp; irrelevant 
NY State Republican Party must unify or November will be another disaster.
Internal polling shows that I would swamp   in a NY Republican primary 77% to 23%. But wont run if party is not unified.
 I have that many Trump books at my desk he may as well be next to me telling me I have what it takes Thanks
                     

.  

.  Gaming states are laughing at stupidity of not approving gaming in FLtheyre afraid of Miamicant believe their luck!
I read  comments that the lights are dimming on gambling in Floridanothing could be worse for the state.
                    

                        

  When will the PGA tour be coming to Trump National? March 5th.
. sought my support after he released terrorist Al Megrahi
My friend  was fantastic on the  this morninga star!
  let the haters hate
Isn't it crazy
_43   climate change allows them to stay on the gravy train whatever happens.
  i just saw that many indians have mr.trump as their role model and all the libraries had trump books!!super
 did a great job of destroying the little remaining credibility of  and the very dumb Ben Smith.
 In aiming at 
  Jesus would be so proud of you Donald...
 Sadly  was correct about South Africa - the level of violence is irrepressible
I wonder how much money dumb  and even dumber Ben Smith loooose each year? They have zero credibility - totally irrelevant and sad!
 I wear a suit everyday to be professional but I top it off with a  to say I'm on top of my game and successful.
  why are you not running for president in 2016 We'll see what happens!
  Ignore them Mr. Trump. Don't waste your time. Sounds like a personal problem for them. LOSERS!
Ben Smith (is that really his last name?) of  is a total mess who probably got his minion Coppins to do what he didn't want to do?
Amazing story in  about the sleazebag blogger Coppins who fabricated nonsense about me for irrelevant . CONGRATS!
Coming together is a beginning; keeping together is progress; working together is success.  Henry Ford
Bloggers like McKay Coppins &amp;  are true garbage with no credibility. Record setting crowds &amp; speech not reported. 
Thank you Jeffrey Lord for the great article discrediting third rate  site &amp; slimebag reporter McKay Coppins. 
A legitimate article about me..._KSC   Whether Global Warming or Climate change. The fact is We didn't cause it. We cannot change it.
  Great purchase in Ireland- will be a top spot! It's not climate change
Do you think John Kerry is aware of the fact that they are building nuclear weapons in Iran and North Korea and  Pakistan already has them!!
Do you believe this one - Secretary of State John Kerry just stated that the most dangerous weapon of all today is climate change. Laughable
  hope one day we'll be honoring you on Presidents Day.  So nice!
Don't let the GLOBAL WARMING wiseguys get away with changing the name to CLIMATE CHANGE because the FACTS do not let GW tag to work anymore!
Due to the holiday
 Your Country needs you~~Donald Trump~~ Your about the only one in The World; That can get us out of debt! Thank you!
 Donald J. Trump   If Mr.Trump will not run in '16
 The Art Of The Deal by  is one of the greatest books ever!  Thank you!
  Never said it
 Scotland could be on the verge of a new generation of hydro power I never equated wind farms to the Pan Am Lockerbie disaster - only stated that  should never have released the terrorist - BAD!
  jealous you got a magnificant course like Doonbeg on the most beautiful island in the world. FACT.
  Congrats on adding the beautiful West of Ireland to your golf club portfolio. You have lifted the country!
   the majority of people near the course fully support it. Problem is a vocal minority (Scotland).
How come discredited reporter  refused to write that the events in New Hampshire
 is a failed and dishonest reporter who refuses to mention the sarcasm in my voice when referring to him or irrelevant buzzfeed
   Spectacular! Please keep up the good work  Thank you.
  my wife and I stayed there for our anniversary.Beautiful place
  was watching home alone 2 with my son and you look the exact same! Can I get a RT??
  One of the great places on the planet
The brand new Blue Monster Golf Course at Trump National Doral is doing fantastic business. Also
 Donald trump is still my favorite Mac Miller track  Mac has certainly done well with me! How many hits now on Twitter?
 Without passion you don't have energy
A dishonest slob of a reporter
 RT  I never did a day's work in my . It was all .  Thomas A. Edison
  best advice from the best leader
Set the bar highdo the best you possibly can. Be focused
I never did a day's work in my life. It was all fun.

  Will you be coming to Doonbeg ??  Yes
  what the date of celebrity apprentice I'm excited to see it  Start shooting in 3 weeks.
  Valentine's Day and wife's 40th  this weekend!! Great.
's  looks fantastic. Great time at the Grand Opening
                

 Donald trump is paid 1.5 million per hr of every speaking engagement
  Monday I lectured 2 college students that what makes u so successful is you ALWAYS exceed your customers expectations Thx.
  My wife and I stayed there and not only is the hotel beautiful
          

  Scotland's loss for being short sighted.  Wish you every success with the new club. Thank you.   
I hope that Derek Jeter has such a fantastic year with  that he changes his mind about retiring. Great guy!
                         

The Irish government is too smart to destroy their beautiful coastline w/ bird-killing
My new club on the Atlantic Ocean in Ireland will soon be one of the best in the World - and no-one will be looking into ugly wind turbines!
 Hi
  is the real deal
 Excited for   true inspiration to many Americans Thank you.
  is my role model. One of the best Americans out there. Thank you Mike.
 Can't wait for  because of .  I look forward to it also.
Do you believe the way Karzai talks down to the United States - zero respect!
  _Sharp4 I totally agree! The brain the Don has is so inspiring! I've loved him for years!  Thanks!
 I definitely agree with _Sharp4!  really hope you will run for President! Thank you!
  congrats on your purchase in Ireland. How do I apply to work there? Write to manager Joseph - good luck!
_Sharp4 Donald Trump would be the most ideal President Thank you!
                          
 at 18 I started my company. Thanks Great!
 Thanks Dan.
Give your goals substance  make them count on as many levels as you can. Remember that passion can be the catalyst for great achievement.
A big part of the country
Our clubhouse facility &amp; suites in Ireland     
Great making keynote speech at 2014 Lincoln Day Dinner
If Scotland doesnt stop insane policy of obsolete
My sons
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other.  Abraham Lincoln
If we did all the things we are capable of
Don't sell yourself short on something that is important. Today is just the beginning.   Think Like a Champion
If ObamaCare is such a wonderful law then why does Obama summarily  change the law before an election?
Make it special!  No better place to celebrate St. Patrick's Day in the Windy City than  Trump lays out big plans for Doonbeg  resort Billionaire says investment shows Irelands economy recovering My sons Don and Eric are right now at Doonbeg in Ireland. There will be nothing like it!
The people of Ireland have been so great about my purchase of Doonbeg  I'll be there soon. 
Trump's Championship  Course Opens To Rave Reviews Looking forward to addressing the record setting crowd tonight at the New York County Lincoln Day Dinner. Lots to talk about!
Great purchase in Ireland- will be a top spot! Remember to keep going if you stop
W/ views of NYC's skyline
Destiny has a part to play in your life and in your business - so give it a chance to work. - Think Like a Champion
Governor Cuomo only cut the Verrazano Bridge tolls because I made it a major point in speeches. I love the people of Staten Island!
  with Wrestlemania coming up
Anytime you see someone talking about celebrity weight loss on my twitter it is a total scam!
_eads  I agree with you about how people are mocking Russia and their efforts. Only going to hurt us in long run.
  Please Mr. Trump
  looking forward to playing Trump National LA on Tuesday with Padraig Harrington !  Say hi to PADRAIG!
  True and thanks!
_Swisher69  Thanks Kasey!
Doing Fox &amp; Friends at 7.00 A.M. ENJOY!
I've been saying for three months that the bridge tolls to Staten Island are far too high and unfair-just got lowered
  But nobody asked-a great school!
Via  by  Donald Trump reopens Doral's Blue Monster 46 stories above downtown New York
Remember that things are cyclical
How does frumpy &amp; little read  editorial writer Gail Collins keep her job? She is totally irrelevant! 
Never allow your attitude to be a liability. Be positive and strong. Set your mind on winning and keep it there.
Negotiation It is persuasion more than power.
Just be tough
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower.

An investment in knowledge pays the best interest.

The Blue Monster Golf Course officially opens tomorrow at Trump National Doral with a ribbon cutting ceremony. GREAT COURSE
Wow
When will our country stop wasting money on global warming and so many other truly STUPID things and begin to focus on lower taxes?
Massive record setting  snowstorm and freezing temperatures in U.S. Smart that GLOBAL WARMING hoaxsters changed name to CLIMATE CHANGE! $$$$
Realize that an entrepreneur's most important gift to the world is jobs
Congress should be worried about American workers not people who came into our country by breaking our laws.
CBO estimates over 2.3M jobs will be lost due to ObamaCare Congrats to Pres.Obama and Dems. CBO has TRIPLED its estimate of working hours lost due to ObamaCare  highest rated wine in VA
In 2016
Experience
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time.

Wind energy is a complete economic disaster. Rio de Janeiro joins the  in 2016. Its going to be a spectacular hotel! Chance favors the prepared mind.

The President of the U.S. is the leader of the Free World. He should dress like it at all times. Wear a suit and a tie for major interviews.
The  comes to Miami on March 6th when the  returns to  Watch commodity prices soar because of the freezing cold. Will be bad for the economy. We could use some global warming.
The  had a truly bad daymy advice is to go home
Via   talks family and business   President Obama should visit Macy's and buy some beautiful Trump silk ties.
I can't get over
This may be the worst football game ever played by one team
Enjoy the Super Bowl!
 A great time was had by all at 's Gary Player Villa opening.
 Oh hey I saw bill o'reilly at a mets game once with Donald trump  will do great today with interview of O!
 I wonder if NBC will have  interview Donald Trump before the Olympics?  Would get GREAT ratings!
 Congratulations  on your legal victory.  Thanks!
 i am now a big believer in  THINK BIG strategies....
Go to the website for the Judge's full decision re Trump University    Congrats on your win. Never considered you would not win enjoy you every Monday on fox  Thank you
COURT FINDS IN FAVOR OF TRUMP UNIVERSITY The unforgivable crime is soft hitting. Do not hit at all if it can be avoided; but never hit softly. -  Theodore Roosevelt
 'tremendous victory in Trump University case vs. lightweight just got the news!' Saw this coming Thx
  Let's see if MSM reports it w/the same fervor they used when they reported the allegation. Thanks
                       

To Jamie DimonI love kicking lightweight  ass. Stop settling and fight!
Lightweight  just got his ass kicked by Trump!
For information on Trump University victory
Wowtremendous victory in the Trump University case against lightweight just got the news!
_87                          

                          

                      

Article from The StreetThe Donald's Trump Card Himself                       

                

  RIGHT ON! Success breeds success. The best way to impress people is through results. Thanks Dolly!
Looking forward to being hosted by  Erie County Lincoln Leadership Reception tonight. Record crowd! Can't wait.
Raffaele Sollecito was unfairly convicted. He didnt kill anyone. The Italian government should be ashamed. 
Via  by mboyle1 EXCLUSIVE - DONALD TRUMP CONFIRMED TO SPEAK AT  For what is the best choice
. stopped by my office to say hello- a great guy! Design your business from the start so that it is leverageable
                       

Success breeds success. The best way to impress people is through results.  Think Like a Billionaire
Are Republicans suicidal? Now they want to push amnesty through Congress. Allowing Democrats into the country.
The NY SAFE Act is an unconstitutional attack on 2nd Amendment rights. Will also increase crime.
Obama said in his SOTU that global warming is a fact. Sure
Excited to announce Trump Rio de Janeiro
  is our future. Only he can turn our country around. 
  sadly
With one of the worst and most prolonged cold spells in history
  DONALD TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT 2016. A New Era Of Prosperity FOR ALL......  True
Remember when comedian Bill Maher openly praised the disgusting terrorists who destroyed the World Trade Center-then got canned by ABC?
  .....may be the only person on the planet that can beat Hillary.
_cedeno  Donald Trump for President? That would be so awesome! Nice!
_sg 
  Success rule-Surround yourself w/successful people. Do it with twitter. Follow Trump=Success.
've been listening to  &amp;  for years.The  interview today is an all-timer
  Timeless Classic.  So nice!
Failing comedian Bill Maher
Press conference at the opening of the  Villa at  . With  and  at the opening of the  Villa at -  Patriotism is supporting your country all the time
Once ObamaCare is fully enacted in NY
If you can't say great things about yourself
Wow
Just received a wonderful letter from a new father who bought his son his first book
The cheapest natural gas in the world is in the United States. - 
Always leave your ego at the door during negotiations. Remember
Now the UN is attacking  franchise Welcome to the new reality! Moodys just downgraded the entire US health insurance industry because of ObamaCare.
Thanks to everyone for your support on  Top Leaders
The  returns to  on March 6th It was great being on  in the Morning (ESPN)two great guys
Mike &amp; Mike in one minute!
I will be on the Mike &amp; Mike Show on radio and ESPN-at about 6 to 7 A.M. We will be talking Super Bowl and sports-no Obama Care!
Give me clean
The weather has been so cold for so long that the global warming HOAXSTERS were forced to change the name to climate change to keep $ flow!
 Can't wait until 2016 when DT is POTUS. So that I can stop listening to problems with our economy in the State of the Union.
Snowing in Texas and Louisiana
Being good in business is the most fascinating kind of art.Making money is art &amp; working is art &amp; good business is the best art. A. Warhol
Creativity and control can go hand in hand. Brainpower is the ultimate leverage.
It's not that I'm so smart
How much is New York State spending on that obnoxious T.V. commercial that is being played endlessly for a tax incentive that doesn't work?
Steve Jobs is spinning in his grave - Apple has lost both vision and momentum - must move fast to get magic back!
  When will you come to my home-country India to see the progress of Trump Towers in Pune? Very soon!
  When? If it was before today
I predicted Apple's stock fall based on their dumb refusal to give the option of a larger  iPhone screen like Samsung. I sold my Apple stock
Apple's iPhone sales fell way short-they must go to a larger screen
Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits.

For entrepreneurs
Passion gives great momentum and can be the catalyst for great achievement.
Give your goals substance. Imbue them with a value that exceeds the monetary. Make them count on as many levels as you can.
Afghanistan's so called leader
  Tell it like it is Sir. Don't pull any punches. Keep up the good work. I will
Will be on Fox &amp; Friends at 7.00 -  Enjoy!
  What's obvious to you seems to elude most people's vision.
Do you really believe our once great country can continue to survive with incompetent leadership. The answer is no and we better move fast!
Any and all weather events are used by the GLOBAL WARMING HOAXSTERS to justify higher taxes to save our planet! They don't believe it $$$$!
_Stock Don't forget. Global warming can also mean earth is getting colder! That way they cover both sides of the fence!
NBC News just called it the great freeze - coldest weather in years. Is our country still spending money on the GLOBAL WARMING HOAX?
  thanks for all the inspirational tweets ..I like to.learn from the best  Thank you!
  It all starts at Doral !! The best in all of the WORLD will face the test of The NewBlueMonster!
Have the right mindset for the job. See your work as an art formwhich means paying attention to every detail.
When times are difficult
via WSJ. Wake up  before you destroy Scotland. _Cameron
For all of those who have been asking
90 stories over midtown New York
Great day yesterday at   unveiling the new Gary Player Villa Honored to be named as one of businesss Top Leaders
You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else.  Albert Einstein
You never know when the tide is going to turn in your favor. It's important to never give up on yourself.  Think Like a Champion
Great   piece by  on my visit to  for  &amp;  Politics &amp; Eggs  Will be leaving Palm Beach for the 11 A.M. ceremony opening the magnificent GARY PLAYER VILLA at Trump Nationak Doral
Set high standards and meet them. The proof is in the doing learn by doing and taking risks.
 Today is my 61st birthday .The best gift I could receive is a retweet from you. Supporting you in 2016 Happy Birthday.
Happy Anniversary to my wonderful wife   a truly great decision by me! Learning to expect problems saved me from a lot of wasted energy. Winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves.
 Just left  what an amazing spot.  and his team have done an incredible job. Go see for yourself 
_Reid I like thinking big. If youre going to be thinking anything
You're never a loser until you quit trying. - Mike Ditka
Hope &amp; Change! China now controls a record number of our debt  Excited for tomorrows Politics &amp; Eggs  co-hosted by  &amp; . Live stream here People often ask me the secret to my success
Whether you think you can or think you can'tyou're right.  Henry Ford
WWII vs. Now! During the 3 1/2 years of World War II that started with the Japanese bombing of Pearl Harbor (cont)                      

Movie producer Harvey Weinstein
 Trump Int'l is one of the best golf courses I have ever played &amp; that is saying something True
Fox &amp; Friends at 7.00
 . YOURE A GOD DAMNED GENIUS TRUMP  I agree
 Named my first born son after  Hope he lives up to the name!  He will be a total winner!
  if you were president Mr.Trump what would you do to change the direction this country is going in?  Many things
  is my inspiration to be great Work hard and smart!
 I really look up to  his work ethic is great! Continuing to work hard and to work smart 
  you are the most influential man in the world. And _25 is a close second after tonight's game
 I'm inspired by people all the time. People like my parents
    Thank you!
   _25 Sherman has great respect for you Mr. Trump.
 Can only try to be as successful as the    Work hard!
 Is there enough room for _25 and  egos in NYC at the same time? YES!
  run for president please
  Next president of the U.S.
   when you going to be our new POTUS  Only time will tell - thanks!
  Even in Australia you're an inspiration!  Thanks!
 In all honesty if  would enter into politics I'd be his number 1 supporter
  Trump National will be a very special PGA event 2014
      this guy has got good stuff
_joshua  Absolutely amazing. Still not sure about running for Pres. Mr. Trump?? lol The world loves you. Thanks!
  true inspiration to many people including myself 
  amen. Youre an American  Thank you so much!
 You are a big inspiration to me Mr.Trump. I'm 24
  I believe you as all your Children are poised
To be really successful it is always good to have A COOL HEAD
Rising over Bay Street
Wow
 and 
To get momentum
Trust your instincts. They are there for a reason. Without instincts
Talent wins games
 leader Ed Coxs record is abysmalno victories. Hopefully he can turn things around.
Senate concludes Benghazi could have been prevented  continues to push the limits on political and investigative reporting! Andrews legacy lives on.
Looking forward to being hosted by  for Politics &amp; Eggs next Tuesday. See you in Manchester! 
Great article by 's Jeffrey Lord The Reagan Revolution. And now the  Revolution? Lightweight  is fighting with  Cuomo wins that one easily. Schneiderman is a total loser.
Terrible story on front page of NYTimes about lightweight   Hope you enjoy the story in the highly respected Real Estate Weekly To be a winner
Department of Homeland Security has spent $3.5 billion dollars building their new headquarters and is years late and billions over budget!
I hope we never find life on another planet because if we do there's no doubt that the United States will start sending them money!
   Thanks Ted
I would like to thank a great writer and person
Winning takes talent
Where is the progress in the state of New York over the last three years? There is noneonly backwards.
The Senate should immediately vote on the Iranian sanctions bill. What is the delay? Iran is already breaking its agreement with Obama
Gabriel Shermans book on Roger Ailes is filled with falsehoods and inaccuracies. Publisher should be ashamed (and sued).
                            

                  

_joshua I've read 3 books from  &amp; the best advice is in all three. Do something you're passionate about.  Great.
                     

 Out of all the celebrities  is the only one that speaks the truth. We need more leaders like him!
A-Rods lawsuit trying to overturn a binding arbitration agreement is going nowhere. He should be banned from spring training.
 The Ed Cox letter to Republicans
  is the man!! Huge inspiration Thanks!
  a retweet today = a new tie purchase from Macy's tomorrow.
  Trump needs his own Late Night Show!
 I have an internal debate on whether or not to unfollow  on a daily basis You can't live without it!
  good day mr trump any updates on ur golf course in Aberdeen ??   Record business!
 Can't wait 4 TrumpDC RT    Thanks Michael
 Enjoying my stay at the beautiful . Thanks  for bringing Trump to Panama! I love that hotel!
   Trump's a strong leader. Letterman is a weak
    Trust me
  how would you describe  in one word?  Magnificent!
  - the only confidentiality agreement he signed was for his real birth certificate. keep up the great work!
Watching Gates on  - looks like he got hit by a truck! Why didn't Obama get him
  someone as smart as you should seriously run for president!!!  Thank you!
_15 I'll be just like you one day  You can do better than that!
 Finally
 As president  would surround himself with Great People. .. no more mediocrity  TRUE!
  please run for president Mr. Trump! The country needs fixing and you're the best man for the job!  Thank you
_WV  PLEASE RUN FOR PRESIDENT AND STRAIGHTEN THINGS OUT.  There is plenty to straighten out!
  we need a real businessman to run this country someone to make money we are not a charity nation!  SO TRUE!
  begged you 3 years ago to run for pres....2016 is America's last shot before descent into darkness...consider it now.
  you inspired me to be my own boss and start my own small business.
  my family is going to Hawaii &amp; I told them to go to  I told them that yours' are the best!
  so ready for another  I love love that show!
  Always inspiring me to be my personal best! I appreciate it.
  Thanks for the positive words of wisdom!
  New York Republicans must change from a culture of losing to a culture of winning - and fast. This is your last decent shot!
 Sending warm wishes to our dear friend  on her birthday today! Happy birthday
Think positively. Zap negativity immediately. Focus on the solution
For great success
 for success Find out what you love to do. Trust yourself enough to find out what is best for you and what you're best at doing...
Resilience is part of the survival of the fittest formulamake sure you remain adaptable.
 long time admirer.  Want to buy one of your books for a friend.  Any suggestions?  The Art of the Deal is a good start.
  It's my birthday and what a wonderful gift if I could get a retweet from such an inspirational man -) Happy Birthday
  where can I get these ties ?  and Trump Tower.
   Did you know your picture is on here?! You were so cute omg!   Wearing my  tie today. Gonna be a great day.   Great!
  only you know the truth Donald!!! Please run for president
_cnolan We need someone like or  himself for President in 2016! Thank you!
_Brown_ If  runs for president he has my vote Thanks!
 Catch  on Fred Dicker's  radio show Tuesday at 10AM re the governor's race. LISTEN LIVE
_jason  Would be honored to get a follow from the greatest businessman ever!!! 
Yankees should have dropped A-Rod long ago
_Cash_honey  I get my inspiration for what I do everyday from you.  So nice
Best speech in  history- Focus on your goals
Understand that difficulties
Anticipate change and embrace it. Recognize new developments that you can capitalize on and use to open new doors.
                     

                      

             

              

                     

                   I think a show on Fox w/Donald Trump would be something to look forward to. Agree
   what an amazing spot. Donald Trump &amp; his team have done an incredible job. Go see for yourself Thx
 No
_Torry I consider myself too perfect and have no faults.
       

                     

  I'm a big fan. We just got a Trump mattress and it's great
Will be doing Fox &amp; Friends in a few minutes - hope you enjoy!
After watching all about the horror story that is A-Rod
  I have been reviewing my options for this  it has me with  . I'm worried!
  They are all afraid to use it because they know what will happen - thanks!
  Please run for President
The Republican Party of New York has been conditioned to lose
  Thank you for being a strait shooter. You are an inspiration to all of us young business owners. Thank you!
  Please be our next president!!!!! We will all vote for you!!!!!!
 I bought a couple beautiful  ties at  today. Guaranteed to look sharp this week.
I will be doing Fox &amp; Friends tomorrow morning at 7.00. Will be discussing all sorts of current disasters!
 . predicts that  is Golf's greatest builder today.   
Whether you like Obama or not
  _ you will get my vote  Thanks!
_   until  a proven job creator &amp; inspiration for the common man
  _ u would definitely be our best looking president ever )  Thank you
  that's awesome!  
 Only  could help this country out of the hole it's in. 
  what would be your first action as President?  TO END OBAMACARE!
_  WHEN WILL WE HAVE ANOTHER PRESIDENT LIKE REAGAN? 
  I think americans know that You would be a great President..no possibility for the others Thanks!
In politics
Now that the ObamaCare website contractor has been terminated for obvious incompetence
President Obama just fired the ObamaCare website builder. My question is
The brand new Blue Monster just opened at Trump National Doral - Miami. Also
    We need him as governor... this state is a mess.....
Focus on your goals
Be tough
_xx_justme  I still can't believe Donald Trump responded to my tweet. Respect  He would be the best Pres for this Country. Thx
                   

                 

                    

  A beautiful addition to my city's skyline and great dining!! Thanks for making Chicago more beautiful than ever!! Thank you.
                    

               

                       

                

   planning a golf trip to Scotland Aug 2015 - should we plan on playing Trump Int'l??  Yes
Its Thursday. How many people have lost their healthcare today?
 With Darrell Hammond when I hosted SNL. The Trump Organization continues to expand internationally at a record pace. Many new announcements to come soon.
One of the world's tallest buildings
Via  Donald Trump Plans Huge Towers In Rio For Post-Olympic Building Boom Thanks everybody for the Happy Birthday greetings
Offshore wind is a dead duck in Scotland and its time Alex Salmond manned up
The news about our beautiful Miss Venezuela
  Please run for president
 Happy Birthday 
  You got my vote donald your the only 1 that can save us from this economy 
  Thank You For Inspiring This World. No
_derek Out of all the famous people on twitter
_Barclay Got to love the Monday segments by  on Fox &amp; Friends. Never miss it. It's not Monday but worth a mention!
  I can vote now and I expect to be voting for   Thank you!
  happy Birthday to one of my most admired men!!! Like a fine wine Mr. Trump Have a great Birthday! THANKS!
  See
  can't sleep thinking about the new Celeb Apprentice!!!
  _Tut Im 22 (I own) my company  I started because of you any advice? Give me 10%(kidding)
 Birthdays are special and a retweet from  would make it even more special  Happy Birthday!
  happy new year
  where would NBC be without the apprentice? You make the TV Network Mr. Trump
_4_LIFE   You should get a job at 1600 Pennsylvania Ave!
_Tut I'm 22... my company  owns $6 million worth of multi-family properties... I started because of you... any advice?Great
  Donald why the hell don't you run for President. Business genius unlike . 
_4_LIFE Not only a GREAT show
   my Donald Trump tie is my prized possession in my closet!  Great!
_Kingston This country's economy would be back on track if  became the next President.  So true
 You should get a show on FoxNews! With your brilliant &amp; independent mind I think your show would surpass the 
  Congratulations Mr. Trump. We have enjoyed ever season and look forward to this next season. So entertaining!  Thanks!
   Now let's get the course in my neighborhood at Kluge on track. My membership awaits.  Thanks!
  celebrity apprentice is truly a great show. Great cast every season!
_xx_justme  I'd give anything for you to be our President. You have my vote and all of my families and friends too!!NICE
  Love the Apprentice!!!
  best reality show on TV. Love the challenges
  I can't wait for this year. I never miss Apprentice! Show and cast will be amazing!
 my family and I stayed at  last weekend. It was a blizzard outside but pure heaven inside!  GREAT!
_White  One of the all-time greats - a true spiritual leader and wonderful person. Keep up the good fight!
We had a GREAT year  with ties
  With this cast u will have the  show on TV! Fans are excited! Can you confirm? Justin
 Thank you  for letting me play at .... The best golf course ever! WE ARE PROUD OF YOU!
  Has it been more than you ever expected? Far more and far better!
Tomorrow is the 10 year anniversary of the Apprentice
Why didnt Gates resign if he was so unhappy about what he was being told by Obama? The fact is
While I am a critic of President Obama
Please
Identify your goals. Know precisely what you want to achieve
Remember to think big by expanding your horizons at the same time you're expanding your net worth.
Achievers move forward at all times. Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it.
Stay confident even when something bad happens. It is just a bump in the road. It will pass. - Think Big
Congratulations to  on his five year anniversary as the anchor . Brett is great!
Looking forward to hosting the  House Majority 2014 Golf Tournament at Trump Int'l West Palm Beach on Jan. 27th.
                 

            

    great quote!                I'm in the turf business. Nj and Phil. Your sups and courses are top notch!  Thank you.
  if you run for president
  respect your tweets I listen and share with my kids Thanks Bob.
We are experiencing the coldest weather in more than two decades-most people never remember anything like this. GLOBAL WARMING anyone?
Have your own vision &amp; stick with it. Don't be afraid to be unique.Every day is an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level.
Entrepreneurs Set the example and you'll be a magnet for the right people. Great leaders determine the teams they assemble.
Sec of State Kerry said we would not go back to Iraq. We shouldnt
Another one of my predictions just came true Iraq is a total disaster with government losing all controlso sad.
Via  by  Trump To Visit New Hampshire Just hit a million on Facebook-                     

                  

Most of the world's great riders are at Mar-a-Lago today for the Trump Invitational
  Antarctic ice shelf melt 'lowest EVER recorded
The future is always beginning now. -  Mark Strand
Record snowfall &amp; freezing temps throughout the country. Where is Global Warming when you need it?!
Welcome to the new ObamaCare reality  Doctor spent 2 hours on hold w/insurance company to get approval for surgery  is the top public course in the country with magnificent Pacific Ocean views   has great campaigns. Support one today Via  by Peter Millard Trump Helps Rio Builders After Olympics Corporate Brazil Try to develop a tempo when you're workingmomentum is something you have to work at to maintain
A regular part of your day should be devoted to expanding your horizons. Learning is a new beginning.
I know of no more encouraging fact than the unquestionable ability of man to elevate his life by conscious endeavor.

Invincibility lies in the defence; the possibility of victory in the attack. - Sun Tzu
Snowden should come back to America and face justice. Instead
It's Jan. 2. President Obama should end his vacation early &amp; get back to Washington to straighten out the ObamaCare catastropheor end it.
Thinking big is the driving force that has forged all the great achievements in modern life. - Think Big
Entrepreneurs are visionaries in some respectsthey look beyond the present. Keep that in mind when looking for opportunities.
The only Forbes 5 Star &amp; 5 Diamond hotel with a 5 Star &amp; 5 Diamond restaurant  offers elite luxury   if you ran for president you got my vote. Fix the country!  Thanks
  ties are amazing
  you are the MAN!!!
 Safe to say that  is the biggest stud on the planet  
  irony is.... Imagine all the fossil fuels required to rescue that ship of idiots!
   the rooms are like condos. Perfect for families. Very accommodating staff. Thanks!
  Don for prez  Thank you.
  very true comment Donald
  You know it's actually called CLIMATE CHANGE
  Is Al Gore on that ship?
This very expensive GLOBAL WARMING bullshit has got to stop. Our planet is freezing
Today is the first day of the rest of your life - make the most of it!
Have a happy
When it comes to money
Make sure to have fun and celebrate NYE with friends and family. Happy New Year everyone!
Tomorrow is the first blank page of a 365-page book. Write a good one.  
Bring in 2014  's  NYE soire  NYC's most exclusive New Year's Eve Party w/SoHi &amp;  Spend your last day of 2013 contemplating the moves you will make in 2014 to make it your best year ever!
The con artists changed the name from GLOBAL WARMING to CLIMATE CHANGE when GLOBAL WARMING was no longer working and credibility was lost!
What the hell is going on with GLOBAL WARMING. The planet is freezing
Entrepreneurs  be tough
No one remembers who came in second. -  Walter Hagen
               

The more predictable the business
                  

Congratulations to  and  on yesterday's very exciting game.
Cover your basesknow everything you can about what you're doing. Keep your focus by being well informed on a daily basis.
Ask yourself
Be tough
 Nelson Mandela and  two world's leaders Temperature at record lows in many parts of the country. 50 degrees below zero with wind chill in large area. Global warming folks iced in!
In the upcoming New Year we will focus like never before - if we do that we will have complete and total VICTORY in all we do!
We're coming up on the NEW YEAR-It is really important that
The global warming  scientists don't want to be airlifted off the ship-they are having too much fun and that is too simple a solution-FAME!
We should be focused on clean and beautiful air-not expensive and business closing GLOBAL WARMING-a total hoax!
The rescue icebreaker
 I could sleep tonight if you told me we will see  on Celebrity Apprentice before I die.She would be great
Will be working with contractors at Trump National Doral in Miami today.
 Thank you for your response - we live in a beautiful country &amp; invite you to visit - we will host you &amp; show you the beauty
  As a major fan of Nelson Mandela and the people of South Africa
Via   Mar-a-Lago to host top equestrian jumpers Trump Invitational will benefit 90 area charities. Be on time. Wasting other people's time due to poor planning and thoughtlessness will only leave a bad impression. - Think Like a Champion
It is really too bad that the scientists studying GLOBAL WARMING in Antarctica got stuck on their icebreaker because of massive ice and cold
 With Barbara Walters on my helicopter going somewhere. Thank you to  &amp; Jeffrey Lord for the lovely article Governor Trump? The conservative Nelson Rockefeller. Celebrating New Year's Eve in the Windy City? Join  for the chic &amp; elegant Cirque Soiree Celebration Do your homework. Wasting other people's time due to poor planning will only leave a bad impression.- Think Like a Billionaire
O.K.
I hope everybody is having a FANTASTIC Christmas! No matter how tough things may seem remember that you will ride it out &amp; go on to victory!
The new Pope is a humble man
Merry Christmas
  After every setback
  A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination.  Nelson Mandela
  I'm not a friend nor an enemy
  If everything seems under control
  The ones who are crazy enough to think that they can change the world
Without passion you don't have energy
 !!! Winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves.  Think Like a Champion  So true!
Push yourself again and again. Don't give an inch until the final buzzer sounds. - Larry Bird
I could fix existing Tappan Zee Bridge for peanuts. Unfortunately
I'd like to wish all of my friendsand even my many enemiesa very Merry Christmas and Happy New Year.
Entrepreneurs Put everything you've got into what you're doing. Be totally focusednothing should be haphazard.
Entrepreneurs Whatever happens
Entrepreneurs Apply your skills and talent
            

              

                  

 good thing about Trump..NOT a snob. A straight-arrow w/street sense. Appeals to the masses..a leader all can appreciate Thx.
ALWAYS TRY TO LEARN FROM OTHER PEOPLES MISTAKES
SOMETIMES YOUR BEST INVESTMENTS ARE THE ONES YOU DON'T MAKE!
Did you ever not do something that had you done it would have turned out to be a disaster. Never look back
Realize that being an entrepreneur is not a group effort. You're in chargeeverything starts with you.
Entrepreneurs Be ready for problemsyou'll have them every day. Keep open to new ideasthat's where innovation begins.
 Find work that you loveyou have to be passionate about it to succeed. Then focus and never give up!
                  

               

.  Look at the solution
.  Keep your momentum. Without momentum
. Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities and possibilities
  Yo
  awesome  Thsnks!
 I love Donald Trump.  ....   Thank you
_Matthew First time in  and in NYC
Will be on Fox &amp; Friends tomorrow morning at 7.00 - hope you enjoy!
- Justine
  GREAT interview with Tim McCarver! Have a fantastic Christmas and New Year.
The Herschel Walker interview on The Tim McCarver Show was  fantastic-much can be learned from watching. Congrats to Herschel and Tim!
With the very dangerous carjacking epidemic going on
I am going to Trump National Doral in Miami today to check out the brand new and just opened BLUE MONSTER and the spectacular driving range.
  Donald Trump and Mike Tyson _2155 hey  you're my fav  Thanks.
 . we raised $60K+ in two months for Nancy and today she officially beat Leukemia ! WAY TO GO NANCY!
   Way to go Alex for releasing terrorists. How do you sleep at night? To the sound of death!
_ottawa _Norcia  seems like  has a history of bad decision making. Maybe that's the point TURBINES
It was 25 years ago today that Pan Am flight 103 was downed by a terrorist killing 270 innocent people.  released the terrorist!
Remember
_JamesM Mr  I admire your determination so much
 I think I'm about to purchase Art of the Deal by . Great!
 the best Christmas present I could ever ask for is having  re-tweet me once  Merry Christmas!
  Did you hear they caught those animals who killed that lawyer in the mall parking lot? That is great news!
 It just seems like a tweet from  will inspire the person to achieve great things. That's just my belief.WOW
_POTter  is a genius when's it comes to business  Thank you!
 I hate everything that  says/does for the most part
 I have always been a strong follower of your teachings. I don't know why u have started being so negative.  I haven't!
 Few things in life are as wonderful as my  mattress. It's like laying on a cloud.  By Serta!
  Wrapping the  collection shirts &amp; ties I bought at . Gorgeous Christmas gifts! Great!
_Jcourtney95 Can't stop watching interviews and documentaries of  the man is a legend  Thank you
Fernando
I had a lot of fun answering your questions in the latest round of . See if your question made it- If you don't believe in yourself
Personally
. Why is Douglas Durst allowed to use the Freedom Tower to get out of a lease with Conde Nast?
._Meier
Secret Service members on break from Obamas $4M vacation are more than welcomed to relax at Hawaiis top hotel .
Lightweight  is pushing for the Moreland Commission to be disbanded immediatelybecause he is being looked at!
Guess what
If you cant adapt to new situations then you will never be successful. Every change is a new opportunity to use your talent.
Every strike brings me closer to the next home run. - Babe Ruth
What's with this rap stuff with me and Ebenezer Scrooge? Its Friday. How many people have been forced off their plans and lost their doctors today because of ObamaCare?
Trump National Hudson Valley's 7
Packed with holiday celebrations
Rated Toronto's  hotel
White House relaxes penalty for canceled health policies
If you fail once
Build up your weaknesses until they become your strong points. - Knute Rockne
ObamaCare Horror Story Navigators Tell Applicants To Lie Like Administration 
Cant fool Americans. 57% of uninsured hate ObamaCare Young Entrepreneurs  the Holiday season is here but that is no excuse not to stay on top of your business prospects. Focus!
A really nice article about the Blue Monster from The Street.      

Every day Pastor Saeed is imprisoned by Iran is an indictment on Obamas diplomacy. 
Pres. Obama is about to embark on a 17 day vacation in his native Hawaii
No cuts to welfare
 Taking piano lessons from my friend Elton John. I am so honored by all the great NY State Repubs who came to my office
New York Republican leader  is pushing my friend  into political suicide. Results wont be pleasant!
Enough about my ties etc. 
  Governor Cuomo won't get any real challenge unless it's Mr. Trump.. True!
 You very honorably tried to help  when Obama abandoned another Christian. Stand up against  w us now!
  2014 is a big year for Apprentice too! 10 years ago this January it started! So true
 If more people thought like  the world would be a better place.   Thanks!
 Hey  where can I buy your shirts and ties in the uk please?   Go to Macy's online.
  _hlbrk Trump is addicting  I'm sure you are also!
_Whiteman  All I want for Christmas is more of your ties
  my bro lives at your Charlotte property and said the club is fantastic! Great
_hlbrk  If you keep tweeting Macy's advertisements
I like Rob Astorino. He's a friend and really good guy. Sadly
  my brother wears your ties to work everyday. He loves them. He's also a huge fan of yours! Say hello!
 Mr Trump. I bought one of your ties when I was in Manhattan.   Who is carrying your line here in Toronto? Macy's online.
Go to Macy's today and buy Trump ties
The coolest story is that John Beale
The more time you spend feeling sorry for yourself
I just left the Trump Tower atriumit is packed with great people.  tourist attraction in NYC Fun!  
For all of those that think life is easy &amp; dont want to work
Alternatives are important but first Repubs must repeal ObamaCare. It's an unsustainable monstrosity that's destroying our healthcare.
The Trump Signature Collection is the best menswear design for young entrepreneurs. Great style &amp; design exclusively available .
If you want the best
You can attack
I have never met a successful person that was a quitter. Successful people never
  Regis
  should have at least been nominated for an Oscar in Home Alone 2.  I agree!
   new course layout is unbelievable. 7800 yds long enough for the PGA or what?? Thank you!
 I love the faux confidence gives people on Twitter...your haters would never say these things to your face.Not haters
FRACK NOW &amp; FRACK FAST!!! American prosperity depends on it. Our economic renaissance is here.
Benghazi is now a full blown training center for jihadists 's Best  of 2013  Donald Trump at  ObamaCare Story of the Day Florida Cancer Patient Loses Insurance During Treatment B/C of ObamaCare 2013 is the worst year ever for Hollywood. Garbage released after garbage. What is going on in these studios?!
Big jobs usually go to the men who prove their ability to outgrow small ones. - Theodore Roosevelt
Unsustainable. With our $17T debt &amp; $90T in unfunded liabilities
 beautiful MacLeod House &amp; Lodge offers luxurious accommodations &amp; dining w/ sea views  When  defended Obama on Benghazi in the presidential debate
Congrats to Pres.Obama on having 3 of 's biggest Pinocchios of the year No better place to celebrate New Years Eve than 
Prime Minister _Cameron is very foolish in giving  so much money to build wind turbines which r destroying Scotland.
Under President Obama
Who thinks that President Obama is totally incompetent?
_nugent  Good luck on your real estate test - you will be the biggest star of all!
Wow
Get to the essence immediately. Learn to economize. People appreciate brevity in todays world.  Think Like a Champion
Wow
   You make what I do worth while. I'm holding faith you will run for any office. Thanks Brent!
 We had a great exchange on Twitter re you being snubbed for  person of the year
  the only man that understands politics
_beats  i think you would be our best president since Reagan
   Hey I LOVE  He is a man that commands authority  Thank you!
We should be focusing on beautiful
They call it climate change now because the words global warming didn't work anymore. Same people fighting hard to keep it all going!
59% of the United States
Wow
President Obama and other world leaders don't know how close they were to being seriously injured (or worse) standing next to psycho in  SA.
  I just bought one of his shirts for my wife's Christmas party. Great quality. Got lots of compliments!  Great!
The United States is experiencing the coldest weather in decades with vast amounts of snow blanketing many states.Pendulum has swung to cool
  The Donald J. Trump signature line of shirts
Have a GREAT weekend everybody - enjoy yourself but always keep your goals and aspirations in mind. Never lose sight of the victory ahead!
  I love to see garbage properly disposed of which is why I like watching the dismal circulation numbers of Vanity Fair-IT'S DEAD
I really like Nelson Mandela but South Africa is a crime ridden mess that is just waiting to explode-not a good situation for the people!
Is business success a natural talent? I think its a combination of aptitude
The evidence continues to mount against lightweight .  It is time for JCOPE and Moreland Commissions to act.
  is Obamas if you like your health care plan
Via  Please Pray for Me I Am Losing My Insurance Now Sebelius is 'urging' insurers to cover people who haven't paid The ill-conceived windfarm that  is pushing for Aberdeen will lose $50 million a year. Only a fool would build it or want it!
If Graydon Carter's very dumb bosses would fire him for his terrible circulation numbers at failing Vanity Fair-his bad food restaurants die
Bird killing windfarm that I oppose in Aberdeen got delayed by at least two years. forced the failing developers to delay!
The talk in Albany is that JCOPE &amp; Moreland Commissions are taking my complaint against lightweight (cont) Sources inside  office are saying that they are very concerned with the allegations against their lightweight boss.
My complaint against  is a case study for JCOPE &amp; Moreland Commissions on everything that is wrong with NYS politics.
Economics behind ugly
Can you believe that the corrupt and pathetic South Africa police force has yet to arrest the sign language guy. Such danger-give 10 years!
What a sad thing that the  memory of Nelson Mandela will be stained by the phoney sign language moron who is in every picture at funeral!
                     

_Smith70                    

How amazing
I hope you all are looking at the Donald J. Trump Signature Collection of ties
Exciting newsAfter massive construction

A $1.5B website that can only handle 50K users at a time is sad but no surprise!
Our prayers are with Rev.  for a speedy recovery. His faith continues to inspire us all.
Via  by   Trump Weighs In on Saeed Obama 'Didnt Even Ask' Had dinner last night at Megu
Via   to Testify at New Congressional Hearing on Persecution of Pastor Saeed Abedini Via  by  TRUMP BLASTS OBAMA FOR FAILING TO SECURE CHRISTIAN PASTORS FREEDOM IN IRAN This is one of the COLDEST WINTERS ever
I will be on Piers Morgan Live tonight at 9 p.m. on CNN. Tune in!
The atrium of  dressed up for Christmas-     _coalition   Happy Birthday Sarina.
Let Pete into the Hall of Fame- _hund        

Why does Conde Nast allow dopey Graydon Carter to run bad food restaurants while running failing  magazine?
President Obama's approval rating
 We've been covered through my husbands job for 40 years with excellent ins. Next year it all changes
  The brand new Blue Monster at Trump National Doral has recieved GREAT reviews from the golf critics. Check it out-opens Dec. 14
  The Blue Monster at Trump National Doral opens for play on Saturday morning after a massive rebuilding - brand new course!
_craig Can someone please explain how my obamacare insurance is twice as expensive as my cancelled insurance.. can't afford this
   botox botox botox botox
It's amazing how badly the Knicks and Nets are playing. Everybody predicted they would be top teams with all of the money spent. Too bad!
Via  Pastor Saeed's Wife Expresses Gratitude to Donald Trump for Raising Her Husband's Plight _jim                

               

Re Kerry admitting to working for Pastor Abedinis releasewhy has US already released Iranian spies &amp; nuclear scientist? Dumb!
. claims he has never stopped working f/Pastor Abedinis release through back channels.  Where are the results?
                     

             

         

                     

              

After climbing a great hill

A beautiful view from my office today- Know from the inside out that you have the power to succeed and you will.  Think Like a Champion
. and John Heilemanns  book
Come on MLB
Great meeting with  the wonderful wife of Christian Pastor Saeed
How can NYS allow lightweight  to remain in office? What are JCOPE &amp; Moreland Commissions waiting on? Illegal use of official Attorney General stationary by lightweight . Via  by  Trump Obama blew chance to free U.S. pastor Iran must immediately allow Christian  out of prison or we should put back sanctions (which should never have been lifted)
Naghmeh Abedini
State Senator Shirley Huntley ratted on black politicians &amp; was believedwhen she ratted on 
Major League Baseball The best thing you can do is let _14-your all time hits leader-into the Hall of Fame. It's time!
                

                      

                       DonaldTrump for Pres 2016 America's economy needs his business Midas Touch &amp; no nonsense approach Thx.
If Graydon Carter's very dumb bosses would fire him for his terrible circulation numbers at failing Vanity Fair-his bad food restaurants die
The ill-conceived windfarm that  is pushing for Aberdeen will lose $50 million a year. Only a fool would build it or want it!
Bird killing windfarm that I oppose in Aberdeen just got delayed by at least two years. forced the failing developers to delay!
                     

WH claims it lied about Pres. Obama living with his uncle b/c wasnt mentioned in his book. I guess Bill Ayers never knew about it!
Wheres the leadership? Obama only met with Sebelius ONCE since ObamaCare passed  Graydon Carter
Its time for _14 to enter  . All time hits leader has paid the price.
Congrats to 
As always &amp; due to popular demand
                   

Courageous people do not fear forgiving
Via  Scottish wind farm opposed by Donald Trump delayed                    

                     

Just read  book Shooting Straight and whether you love him or hate him (Im in the first category)
Just left Florida
I really enjoy doing  every Monday at 7 AM.  
The Unaffordable Care Act
Obama said he never met his uncle
   did you tour . One of the best golf courses in the world with one of the best supers in Martin Howard Thank you!
   Wow
Just got back to New York from California. Will be on Fox  &amp; Friends tomorrow morning at 7.00. ObamaCare and other disasters to be discussed
P.S. - There is also something really good to say about humility. Being confident and humble is a great combination
People are always asking me about the very special word
Show me someone without an ego
   Word is that the dinner tonight at Mar-a-Lago
  You're one of the most educated
In making big money
My father Fred Trump left me a relatively small amount of money (compared to where I am today-over $10 billion) but vast amount of knowledge
  I like thinking big. If youre going to be thinking anything
 Winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves.  Donald Trump
  What was one thing others underestimated about you?  That I never give up!
_TrevorJames I'd work for  for free  I love that!
 Miss Universe 2012  with the boss  during   Don't underestimate yourselfor your possibilities. There are always opportunities.
After every setback
  Thanks.
My shirts
You can't put a limit on anything. The more you dream

It's Friday. How much money has been wasted on defunct ObamaCare website today?
The now $1.2B ObamaCare website is as bad as ever insurers not getting the proper data. Looking forward to hosting  next week . The White House has  abandoned her husband
Iran has never had a better friend than Obama.
Steps away from Waikiki's famous beaches
Trump Tower at Century City brings luxury to Makati
. was a great choice for NYC Police Commissioner. He will make us proud
 Thank you.
We should be focused on magnificently clean and healthy air and not distracted by the expensive hoax that is global warming!
 To all people in the UAE your support and enthusiasm fuelled our victory at Dubai . Congratulations
Great going to all of Dubai in winning what will be a fantastic  - we will all be there!
                      

 Thanks.
Ice storm rolls from Texas to Tennessee - I'm in Los Angeles and it's freezing. Global warming is a total
                     

It always seems impossible until it is done. Nelson Mandela
A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination.  Nelson Mandela
Nelson Mandela and myself had a wonderful relationshiphe was a special man and will be missed. You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else.  Albert Einstein
Leaving today for California to inspect my fantastic golf course &amp; club on the Palos Verdes peninsula. Big success. Why is it that when Warren Buffett uses the bankruptcy laws to his benefit
Off shore windfarms being abandoned in droves throughout worldtoo expensive to build &amp; operatedont work. (cont) . wants out of their Aberdeen windfarm fiasco so badly but  wont let themhes (cont) . couldnt sell its money losing Aberdeen windfarmso  forced phony extension.  
The problem w/ the concept of global warming is that the U.S. is spending a fortune on fixing it while China &amp; others do nothing!
Wow
Our billion dollar website- A special message for Martin Bashir- Congrats to  for firing Martin Bashirdont feel badly
Sleazebag  has just been forced to resign from . His pathetic apology wasnt enough to save his job.  
I never did give anybody hell. I just told the truth and they thought it was hell. Harry S. Truman
To become a champion
Those who lack courage will always find a philosophy to justify it.   Albert Camus
   who will run the Trump empire when Trump Sr is president?
Denver
The road to Easy Street goes through the sewer.  John Madden
There are no short cuts to any place worth going. Beverly Sills
New reality. Yuan just passed the Euro as 2nd most traded finance currency Wow
_Uptigrove  Thanks.
 Yes
 Great!
 Happy Birthday
 four restaurants provide guests with a wide range of choices
 Grand Deluxe Suites = Chicagos most spacious hotel rooms
  Thank you.
  Thanks.
 Thank you.
 Great!
 You have to have passion for your work. That's most important. Then keep your focus intact. Good luck.
You can only smile when the losers of the world try so hard to put down successful people. Just remember
With few exceptions
_  doesnt give a fuck
I just filed a major ethics complaint against crooked New York State Attorney General Eric Schneiderman-he should resign from office!
Too bad about New York Magazine
Remember I predicted that New York Magazine would  fold and people scoffed? Just announced (N.Y.Post) it lost big $'s &amp; is cutting way back!
 Andrew Carnegie was the Donald Trump of early 1900's. He didn't take crap from anybody. A great compliment!
  incredible level of customer service  . Best guest experience ever   Thanks.
   Donald Trump for President!!  Interesting!
_Steve   Thanks Steve!
 I wish you would run for Pres.. We need someone with a big pair to help un-screw our countries future. Do it for children
If you don't have time to do it right
Here we go again via .com   Thanks.
         

 Thank you.
 Have fun
Build your reputation on intelligence
Congratulations to the White House. For every 1 ObamaCare enrollment there are 44 cancellation notices. Very unfair!
Dying  just named me to a list. Too bad GQ is no longer relevantwont be around long!
Many great business campaigns at  Trump Int. Hotel &amp; Tower Vancouver will transform the skyline w/ its 616 ft twisting &amp; beautiful  tower A fine man
 Thank you.
 boy (6) is REALLY into  and getting RE so I call him Trump Jr (nicely!). Hope you don't mind! ;)  My honor
The least number of hurricanes in the U.S. in decades. So they change global warming (too cold) to climate change-now what will they call it
 Thank God there is still someone in America that won't roll over for Obama and his ridiculousness! Sue the pants off NY AG!
 I hope and know  will win in court. Very bad what the AG did to him &amp; Trump University!
That was a great football game.
  AJ is a GREAT quarterback who is finally being recognized as such - a total winner. What a pass!
Wow
  also mention charity payment when PGA tour comes there for the event.  True!
  Any thing u work on is awesome  Thanks.
  Mr.Trump has the Midas Touch! Thank you
Just left $259 million rebuilding of Doral in Miami. Amazing - Trump National Doral will be a masterpiece (if I do say so myself)!
   ties r awesome!  Thanks!
   love the Ties!! Great selection of colours.  They are a big hit
   great ties! Wear them help gives me the power to sell real estate out here in Scottsdale
   Very classy stuff mr.trump great christmas gifts.  True and thanks!
 Definitely added to my collection. great product RT  I hope you buy my shirts and ties at  Great!
I hope you buy my shirts and ties at 
  How the Green movement kills 31
Today is the day that ObamaCare website was supposed to be up and working. WRONG-website is closed down
_Co  Wind Turbines are Ugly and a FRAUD. Remove them. UK is going down the gutter.  
   Wind turbines kill up to 39 million birds a year
 Arctic Ice Extent Highest In A Decade  Wind turbine projects are destroying rural Ont. Wind energy is a scam originally pushed by scamster Ken Lay of Enron
Offshore Wind in Europe Lessons for the U.S.  No more wind turbines
 LORDS OF WINDFARMS How Britains richest landowners are making millions from turbines  Turbines will also kill more birds than developer will admit to &amp; ruin lives of folks living close &amp; not reduce CO2
 Beautiful! Let's keep it that way.  RT _4_ever Sunset on Sand Mountain.  
 Guilty plea in bird deaths at wind farms a first - New York News  Palm Beach
First Minister Salmond should stop his fruitless drive for obsolete wind turbines in Scotland-he would become popular again!  
   jUST WANTED TO SAY THANKYOU. YOUR A GREAT MAN  Thank you!
  you'll never know what impact your tweets have on followers lives  Thank you
Trump International in Dubai  will be one of the great projects anywhere in the world. Congratulations to  for their genius!
Congratulations to Dubai on winning the rights to host Expo 2020! A great place winning a major global event.  
My ties
Work begins on the Old Post Office in Washington D.C. in 3 months. It will soon become one of the great hotels of the world.
I am in Miami at Trump National Doral. Just gave out contract to build a new ballroom and luxury suites. Blue Monster complete-opens Dec 14.
  RSPB IS A TOTAL JOKE-They went for  bird chopping wind turbines in  and fought me on bird friendly golf course!
 
 must fight to save the massive bird population which will be devastated by wind turbines in . 
 Should the golden eagle be Scotland's national bird?  Won't be any left alive-wind turbines killing them all
 Thanks to everyone supporting the petition to make the golden  Scotland's national bird! Being KILLED by wind turbines
HAPPY THANKSGIVING EVERYONE
I truly believe that our country has the worst and dumbest negotiators of virtually any country in the world.
Can you believe that President Karzai of Afghanistan is holding out for more
Despite the fact that I have had great success with the words YOU'RE FIRED
Why doesn't President Obama simply apologize for telling a big fat lie
US froze $8B in Iranian assets during 79 Hostage Crisis. Now Obama is giving it back to Iran while Christian Pastor is jailed. Don't do it!
Happy Thanksgiving to alleven the haters and losers!
Tell Iran to let our Christian Pastor goand I mean right now. If they don't
Make sure to enjoy your time with your family during the holiday. It is a special time. Love and appreciate your family.
The $1B failed website is the tip of the iceberg on the ObamaCare. Over 90 million estimated will lose their plans next year.
Iranian officials say that the WH is misleading public about the details of an interim nuclear agreement War on the families. Price of electricity hit record high in October Reigning  Champion  does great work with . Donate to an Injured Warrior today Via  Donald Trump in New  Video Come celebrate Thanksgiving in the Windy City at  5 Star
_bean Thank you and Happy Thanksgiving.
Learn
_Tri16   Thank you.
                      

   Thanks.
 Great!
Via  JAILED U.S. PASTOR'S WIFE PRAISES TRUMP 'I hope more people like him will speak out'    _Voice No way
   Thanks.
   I will check it out
Mr. President
President Obama said
Look at the solution
Set the example. You can motivate others as well as yourself by remembering that you are setting the example.
Look great for Thanksgiving. Trump Signature Collection
How does Obama rationalize giving Iran $8B in sanction relief when a Christian pastor is being tortured in an Iranian prison?
Wind Power Company Fined $1 Million for Killing Birds. Golden eagles among victims...
We enjoy hosting tourists in . They come from all over the world to see the Atrium
When do we sue the company for billions that robbed us in creating the hapless ObamaCare website?
I can't believe no one has been fired over the ObamaCare website fiasco!
In Vegas? Enjoy Thanksgiving in ' DJT lounge where the  games will be playing all day Wind Power Company Fined $1 Million for Killing Birds. Golden eagles among victims...Vision remains vision until you focus
I will be in Palm Beach
            

President Obama is finally getting hammered
New poll
Don't worry
Just got home
The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it.  The Art of The Deal.
Why didn't Obama
Obama is going to take away over 90M Americans healthcare plans but he is letting Iran keep its nukes. Just think about that.
Who would  you rather have negotiating with IranPresident Obama or Toronto Mayor Ford? My money is on Ford.
Realize that being an entrepreneur is not a group effort. You're in charge. Everything starts with you.
Don't underestimate yourself or your possibilitieskeep your focus intact
After settling for a ridicilous 13 billion dollars
Best book ever on dealmaking (or so they say) - TRUMP THE ART OF THE DEAL.  Go get it
I know it has been many years since our country made great deals
The reason great dealmakers do not OPENLY celebrate a deal
John Kerry is openly celebrating the tenuous nuclear deal with Iran. Great dealmakers do not celebrate deals
Tom Brady is a good friend of mine
Tom Brady has done a great job tonight-amazing New England comeback. Good game- not over yet!
We had all the leverage in our nuclear negotiations with Iran and our leaders foolishly decided to let them out of the trap. WHY?
How much longer are we expected to put up with the world's most incompetent     leader - ObamaCare
I will be on Fox &amp; Friends tomorrow morning at 7. Will be discussing basic stupidity and incompetence
  with even a half decent running mate I don't see how you could lose against the Democrats ineptness. 
I do not understand how so many of my Jewish friends backed Obama in the last election. He is a TOTAL DISASTER FOR ISRAEL-AND ALWAYS WILL BE
How far has the United States gone down when we are reduced to accept the imbecilic deal just agreed to with Iran. Read THE ART OF THE DEAL!
What a rotten deal we made with Iran. We get nothing (except laughter at our stupidity). They get everything
They changed the name global warming to climate change because the concept of global warming just wasn't working!
The people that gave you global warming are the same people that gave you ObamaCare!
  mar a lago a spectacular property. Here with Wells Fargo tonight and hoping you will come say hello  I did!
Snow and ice
Get smart on knockout assaults and crime - we have to be slightly more vicious (and violent) than the assaulter-and crime would end FAST!
The scum that gets high on badly hurting old ladies and others through knockout assaults wouldn't feel that way with a gun at their head!
We are using the absolute wrong negotiating technique with respect to the Iran nuclear talks. Strengthen sanctions until GREAT deal is made!
                   

Young entrepreneurs  keep positive. Dont let the ObamaCare disaster stop your endeavors. There are great opportunities out there.
 Happy Birthday!
Its Friday. How many millions has the White House wasted on the ObamaCare website today?
Republicans have the right approach to ObamaCare  let it fail.  Free market solutions will be embraced by Americans in 2016.
Such a nice article in the New York Times about a wonderful developer
Thomas Jefferson wrote the Senate filibuster rule. Harry Reid &amp; Obama killed it yesterday.  Rule was in effect for over 200 years.
Since the Democrats decided to kill the filibuster
Hypocrite. Watch Senator Obama defend democratic debate' of Senate filibuster rules in 2005  If JP Morgan took their case through the courts for 15 years
Lightweight shakedown artist AG Eric Schneiderman was exposed in todays New York Post editorial  For all those sick degenerates contemplating a knockout attack
Weak newscasters are asking is there a racial component to knockout attacks? Of course there is and weakness will only make it worse!
If you are lucky enough to catch a knockout assaulter before getting slugged
Knockout assaults are the new rage by sick and depraved youth. We better start getting tough in this country-and they want to take our guns!
Emails prove WH knew ObamaCare website wouldn't work in October  why didn't they delay the launch?  I answered my  fans questions via video- watch- 70 stores above Punta Pacifica's pristine peninsula
Host of the 2017 U.S. Women's Open
We have wasted an enormous amount of blood and treasure in Afghanistan. Their government has zero appreciation. Let's get out!
Figure out what really moves you. You've got to have the 'FIRE' in order to have the Midas Touch.  Midas Touch
Florida Power &amp; Light did a fantastic job of providing service &amp; energy during the big storm in Palm Beach. 
Today will be a great day at work - have only one word in mind
   I'm watching Joe (who is 100% correct on Afghanistan) fondling the once great Time Magazine-so sad to see how skimpy it is!
Do not allow our very stupid leaders to sign a deal that keeps us in Afghanistan through 2024-with all costs by U.S.A.  MAKE AMERICA GREAT!
Results are what matter. The bottom line is clearly the bottom line. Think Like a Champion
If you want to kill any idea in the world
Congrats to Congress on their 112 'gold tier' healthcare plans When Warren Buffett &amp; others play w/ bankruptcy

  I create jobs!
_Ben Thanks.
 Thanks.
 Sad!
  Thank you.
 So true!
Offering true luxury
$1B down another $1B to go. ObamaCare website is 40% unfinished. This is beyond pathetic.
Congratulations to  on the success of his new book Undisputed Truth &amp;  specialand thanks for the nice words
  True!
 Great!
_marcolini   Thank you.
Emin from Russiaa very talented guy. All proceeds go to help the Philippines.   

Afghanistan leaders want the U.S. to keep 20
If everything seems under control
Work is fun
ALWAYS BORROW MONEY FROM A PESSIMIST BECAUSE HE WILL NEVER EXPECT IT TO BE PAID BACK!
Advertising is totally unnecessary. Unless you hope to make money.  - Jef I. Richards
The next ObamaCare disaster will be doctors being dropped from plans.
Broken promises. A broken billion dollar website. ObamaCare cant be fixed. Repeal!
If everything seems under control
Jamie Dimon just gave away $13B to government in settlement. Terrible move &amp; bad precedent.  Could have done much better by fighting.
Priorities. While Obama wastes billions on a broken website
Guess who is talking to  at ? Not terrible hair! 64 stories of golden glass over the strip
One of  top private clubs
  _welch Chuckvery fair
Just as I said last October
Last October on 
FLASHBACK -  October 9
Congratulations to  on her big move to . She is a total winner!
I got George Zimmerman right- watch-  Rocking a  brand tie today for good measure. The picture does it no justice. Available   LOOKS GREAT!
Go to work today
I took some heat a long time ago when I said that George Zimmerman was a sicko and bad news. I know people and this guy is no good-trouble!
The ones who are crazy enough to think that they can change the world
Our heartfelt prayers go out to our fellow Americans suffering from the storms &amp; tornadoes.
W/ signature Trump amenities
President Obama played golf yesterday???
The polls have shown that DEAD PEOPLE voted for President Obama overwhelmingly and without hesitation - he must be doing something right!
  Rich people are rich because they solve difficult problems ~ Donald Trump
I will be going to Trump National Doral in Miami early today to check on the construction of the hotel and the new Blue Monster. AMAZING!
How did the NCAA
Maybe some of the dead voters who helped get President Obama elected can be brought back to life after signing up for ObamaCare.
The wimps that run Penn State should be forced to resign (and be sued) for the pathetic settlement they made and destruction of great legacy
  Donald we can't allow this country to become soft like Obama
I wonder if the Rutgers coach who had the audacity to yell at the player is a proponent of global warming?
Football coaches are no longer allowed to scream and yell at their players because it is discriminatory
I wonder what the late
_rebot RT   you could put  in this same category!   _rebot  TRUE-WEAK!
 AWESOME! RT  Again
The real J.P.Morgan is spinning in his grave at the ridiculous settlements the bank is making to settle disputes. A settler is a soft target
13 BILLION
_that_actor   Very good!
  Be tough
   Thanks Gary.
   Thank you for your fair and balanced reporting. You provide a great and important service to the people of Scotland!
   Great job in helping our wonderful Miss Universe - there is nobody like you - CONGRATULATIONS!
Winning is habit. Unfortunately
Again
Rumor has it Apple is going to release iPhones with bigger screens. That's good news.
Be tough
A true business only exists to solve a problem and to make life better.  Midas Touch
The only deal the Republicans should accept is a complete repeal of ObamaCare. You have them on the run - don't fold - go for it!
Did President Obama have a rough day yesterday
The cast has been largely selected for next year's Celebrity Apprentice.  Wait 'till you hear the names-AMAZING! Season 14-many nights at 
 Already thinking about golf 2014...top of the list has to be revamped Doral
_Collector_  we need you as the next president! Your a winner!!!  Thank you.
  can I run your hotels while you run the country ?  Sounds good to me!
  let's get your oval ass in that Oval Office.   Thanks
   and let's be honest
  Plz run for President in 2016
   Yes
 In the end
 Its 
_is_so_bomb I hope  is our next president Thanks.
. visited my office- tall and beautiful! He who defends everywhere
I'll be on  On the Record tonight to talk about the ObamaCare fiasco7 pm on Fox News
Obama friend got a no-bid $635M contract to build website More dead people voted in the last election than enrolled in ObamaCare. Congratulations America!
  True!
Breaking newsnegotiations with Iranians broke down because Obama insisted that they use ObamaCare.
 Aha RT  You have good taste!  I love Bill Gates and Warren Buffet and Donald Trump. I so love them.
President Obama is the best thing that ever happened to Jimmy Carter!
  Celebrity Apprentice please! ASAP
  the same idiots who think he was born in the USA! Dopes!
  I am one of them fools. The presidents heart in right place  WRONG
 1984 cover of     ...One of my main idols I look up to!! In a new poll a majority of people felt  the president knowingly lied about health care pledge. Who are the fools who don't think he lied?
  Please run in 2016!!! We need a smart man like you to turn this once great nation back!!  True!
  You are doing really great - keep it up (of which I have no doubt).
ICYMI                

The same people that built the ObamaCare website used
Can you believe itthe model who mysteriously disappeared from the ObamaCare website is not a US citizenshes from Colombia.
No matter how far down a path you go
ObamaCare is on LIFE SUPPORT - it will soon be DEAD ON ARRIVAL - A bad concept that was imcompetently administered!
President Obama is under pressure from Democrats to undo his lie on ObamaCare. His problem is that such a move would end ObamaCare.
 After careful consideration
 I've said it before. I'll say it again. The turn down service at the  is the best in the world. Thank you!
ObamaCare is one of the worst political disasters of all time - 4
Everyone should watch the documentary Windfall on . See an upstate NY town ruined by environmentalists &amp; windfarms.
 _veritas has exposed the massive ObamaCare fraud perpetuated by Navigator Programs  &amp;  Directors Cut has 4 days to go until it meets its  goal Via   Donald Trump Planning Skyscraper in Moscow      Crocus City Hall in Moscow is a fabulous place!
Miss USA pageant had a 4 to 1 vote in favor
  Emin
   Thank you!
_Cn  President Trump sounds good to me  I'll tell you one thing
  is literally the appitamy of amazing! Gotta love him  Thank you Becca.
 I love Bill Gates and Warren Buffet and Donald Trump. I so love them.  You have good taste!
  Good luck in your case against the wind turbines in Aberdeen Bay
  The only ppl that still believe Obama did not lie r completely lost.  So true!
 I'm so fascinated by the way  is. He motivates me to never give up &amp; to keep pushing forward.   Great!
  I'm a veteran and one of your biggest fans. Love what u do for our nation.  Thanks.
  Gotta respect Donald
  Thank you.
True courage is being afraid
   I had a great weekend with you and your family. You have done a FANTASTIC job. TRUMP TOWER-MOSCOW is next. EMIN was WOW!
. gave one of the greatest endings to a show ever . Standing ovation!
Happy Veterans Day to ALL
WE WILL ONLY BE THE LAND OF THE FREE AS LONG AS WE ARE HOME OF THE BRAVE!
Don't worry
_maleki_   Give the people what they want and announce your candidacy for president 2016. Thank you
While I was in Moscow I see that President Obsma apologized for his lie
The Republicans must be patient and smart - ObamaCare could sweep them into office in far greater numbers than anyone ever thought possible!
_juino  well i will predict that if u run for president you will win
 I hope  will invite me to golf with him  when it is all complete. It looks like an awesome place
If Justice Roberts had done the right thing and voted against ObamaCare
Drew Brees is having a great game - a fantastic quarterback and really good guy!
If we could force Russia
  Remember when you use to have real hair? (Spelling) - I still do dummy
Remember that I predicted a long time ago that President Obama will attack Iran because of his inability to negotiate properly-not skilled!
I will be on Fox &amp; Friends tomorrow morning at 7.
I just got back from Russia-learned lots &amp; lots. Moscow is a very interesting and amazing place! U.S. MUST BE VERY SMART AND VERY STRATEGIC.
  trump national in Washington
  tell us in a Vine! Your voice carries so much more impact!   O.K.
  since you are in Russia go kick Snowden in the ass.
  The women are unbelievable but getting to hang with Steven Tyler will be the highlight!  Steven sings tonight
  when you leave Russia
I was just given a great tour of Moscow - fantastic
 Visiting NYC today. Where can I buy your famous light pink tie?   Macy's or Trump Tower.
I'm in Moscow for Miss Universe tonight - picking a winner is very hard
Leadership Whatever happens
Being successful requires nothing less than 100% of your concentrated effort. Be totally focused.
Success tip Be ready for problems
The ObamaCare disaster will increase the amount of uninsured Dont toss off your problems
Read the Bible. Work hard and honestly. And don't complain.  Rev. 
Upstate New York needs jobs. Frack Now &amp; Frack Fast! Pay off NY State debt.
We still have not learned the full truth on Benghazi.  Four Americans were killed. Congress must act!
At least 3.5M fellow Americans are going to lose their healthcare plans because of ObamaCare. Defund then repeal!
Congratulations to the $1B ObamaCare website on enrolling FOUR in Delaware. Cost to us - $4M   Looking forward to attending the GREAT Rev.  birthday party tonightthere's nobody like him!
Had dinner this week at  (at Trump World Tower) opposite the United Nationsfantastic food! 212.964.7777
Its that time of the year.  in Central Park is now openbest rink in the world. My speech at  Bartlet Gala Dinner where I received  Entrepreneur Award THEBillMcGee            

I will be going to Asheville
If Democrats do not start opposing ObamaCare
A level will be reached where ObamaCare will be so out of control
Prediction The disaster known as ObamaCare will only get worse and Republicans will gain far greater power than they have had in years!
Put Kathleen Sebelius out of her misery and lovingly say
She is so sad and pathetic that I almost feel sorry for Sec.Sebelius. She has done great harm to many people and must be fired. Incompetent!
Just sit back and watch
When Obama tried to tweak his previous statement on ObamaCare he made it an even greater lie-even the Senate Democrats are angry with him!
_14  Can't wait for 2016!!!! America needs you!!!!  Thank you
Brian  wrote a wonderful book called George Washington's Secret Six that is truly worth reading.   

Use your intelligence and your education to execute what your imagination presents to you. This is one step to becoming an entrepreneur.
Job tip If you were the employer
Success tip See yourself as victorious. This will focus you in the right direction. Apply your skills and talentand be tenacious.
With terrific Steve Wynn at dinner last night. If you put the federal government in charge of the Sahara Desert
_Lizz You're rightdoesn't fit my image.
  Thank you.
 Thank you.
 Thank you.
thilan_GolfSwag               

 No
Recognize that the world needs more entrepreneurs. Everyone is counting on you.  Midas Touch
  is the best person in the entire world.  Thank you Emily
_bean  Can't wait for 2016.   Our country needs help (leadership)
  you are the coolest man I've ever met   Thank you!
   GovChristie  That tie is awesome. I need that tie. Where can I get it?  MACY'S
Our NOBEL PRIZE FOR PEACE president said I'm really good at killing people according to just out book Double Down. Can Oslo retract prize?
The truth is that we could have much better healthcare in our country at a much more affordable price - everyone in U.S. would benefit!
Can you believe that the builder of the failed ObamaCare website was just given a new government contract - how stupid is that - CLUELESS!!!
Not only does Obama spy on German leaders
The  event featured a performance by  - a great event for a great cause! Watch- Revisionist history. Now Obama claims he never told us that everyone could keep their healthcare plans. Crazy!
Hitting at home. Democrat Sen. Joe Donnellys son had his healthcare plan dropped Sen.   &amp; _Bossie w/  &amp;  are hosting Trump  2013 Pageant  on ObamaCare website- I hope everybody reads the  article Shakedown Schneiderman  the AG of New York  

The  article

I would gain a whole new respect for President Obama if he would say
 I love how many negative tweets  gets. He must look at them
Lies and incompetence - the two words that are most closely associated with ObamaCare!
_Lizz   Mr.President
  Donald Trump for President!!! America needs you!
  For President 2016 we need to end the madness we need a leader like you in office!!!  Thank you.
 If  was pres. the US would probably be buying small countries and flipping them to other countries. Profit though.
Wow
 Love reading T's tweets concerning ObamaCare. People might find him controversial
  - I wish you were President!  But only if you want our country to be great again!
 I feel safer knowing men like  are around  Thank you.
  if you don't already follow 
 House has the right bill If you like your healthcare plan
The ObamaCare website will cost over $1.5B when all is said and done. Crazy!
Hope &amp; Change. Millions are losing their healthcare plans
_boxer Never give up!
Beauty arrives to Moscows Crocus City Hall this 11.9.!  On 
 Great!
Everyone is telling me that  is going to run against lightweight Spitzer would win!
  Thanks.
   Truehe is killing Scotland!
Will be on Fox &amp; Friends in five minutes - enjoy and good morning!
  Please
  run for president please!
_News_DIVA  You get a fist bump from me for giving that bus driver $10K. Thank you.  He deserves it
 Missing my days at .  is my hero.  Thank you.
   I agree. This country needs a business man's sense and Obama does not have it.  SO TRUE!
  Mr Trump... Please run in 2016 and try and Save our Beautiful... Precious County..!! God Bless.
  can't wait for the course to get completed best thing that ever happened to Aberdeenshire  TRUE.
  Awesome new clock at Trump Jupiter. Would look so good between range
  gives me a lot of strength.
_it_work   see trump? He takes his shots but has no balls. Don't listen and do us a favor and run for POTUS
_Mag The  presentation centre has opened. This is going to be special
Millions losing healthcare plans despite President Obama's promise that this WOULD NOT HAPPEN! What about a massive protest march on D.C.
Via  Miss Universe 2013 Contestants Stun in Gorgeous Gowns at National Gift Auction Gala Winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves.  Think Like a Champion
Located in Tribeca
Do your duty and a little more and the future will take care of itself. - Andrew Carnegie
  Thanks.
  True.
The bus driver who saved the woman from jumping off the bridge was really cool
  The Donald J. Trump shirt from Macys looks GOOD!!! Sharp
Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes
 Thanks.
 Thanks.
                      

So we can spy on our allys leaders but cant water board terrorists?
Its Thursday.  is still a very dumb guyjust look at his past.
If you like your healthcare plan you can keep it. = I was born in Hawaii.
Not only did the $1B ObamaCare website not work
                       

Congratulations to Boston on the  World Series victory. Earned and deserved.
Still looking to give away a RECORD $1M reward on  for a crowd funding campaign . is Panama Citys premiere hotel. 70 stories over Punta Pacifica
Gary Sinise is doing tremendous work for veterans through his foundationcheck it out 
The ObamaCare website is unfixable &amp;  rumor has it that they will stop checks &amp; balancesa free-for-all that will cost the country trillions
Learn
The best entrepreneurs believe the true measure of success has to do with the number of jobs their business creates.  Midas Touch
Both of our New York hotels are on the Top Ten list of the most luxurious hotels in NYC...Isn't the WORLD tired of hearing President Obama say he knew nothing about anything-time to take responsibility for all of your mistakes!
Looks like a very good World Series game!
 . I miss us.   Danny
  great fitting shirt and I got a couple compliments on it too!  With the cast from Friday's Real Time - and now I'm in Springfield
How come Snowden and ObamaCare have access to all records and information but don't have even the smallest tidbits on President Obama?
ObamaCare is a disaster and Snowden is a spy who should be executed-but if it and he could reveal Obama's records
You're never a loser until you quit trying. - Mike Ditka
China just called. They want to lend Obama another $1B for the ObamaCare web site.
Via  The ObamaCare Awakening Americans are losing their coverage by political design. If Obama was willing to lie about ObamaCare then what else has he lied to us about
Four brave Americans died in Benghazi. Administration is still covering up the truth. We deserve to know the full truth.
Congrats to  on the release of his new book Rush Revere and the Brave Pilgrims.  on  and . Must read!
Via  Donald Trump's Blackdog victory It is now a FACT that President Obama lied in order to get ObamaCare passed-that is fraud and the legislation should be recinded-INTERESTING
_ramiiie  has the best twitter
A great victory in Scotland ... 
I hear  really bombed in Springfieldpeople were leaving show way earlystupid guy!
Wont be a buyers market for long. If you can
Congrats  on revealing that Obama knew millions of Americans would lose their healthcare plans Fact  all the countries complaining about us spying on them spy on us. They just don't get caughtstupid!
1.5M have already lost their health care plans thanks to ObamaCare .  of Scotland may be the dumbest leader of the free world. I cant imagine that anyone wants him in office.
. the man who let terrorist (Pan Am Flight 103) al-Megrahi  go
. suffered a huge defeat by the people of Blackdog. Communities all over Scotland are fighting this loser.
When will  realize that he's destroying Scotlandthe most beautiful countryside in the world w/ his stupid wind turbines?
Great victory for people of Blackdog
On 1
 . Is there ANY subject you arent an expert on?  No
Maybe if Obama knew too much about the spying it would be worse than knowing nothing - but either way it is just another disaster!
I just don't know why some of these NFL teams with lousy quarterbacks don't give Tim Tebow a chance - what do they have to lose?
There are so many blatant lies coming out of the ADMINISTRATION - healthcare
Does anybody really think that President Obama didn't know about our spying on the leaders of allies around the world - not possible!
 I absolutely love  he is my favorite person ever and inspires me to do so much. Thanks R!
Like your current health care plan? Too bad
Iraq is being ravaged by Al Qaeda. Country in utter chaos &amp; all oil is going to Iran &amp; China Contractors can blame Obama admin all day for their $600M failure but both parties are at faultpay taxpayers back.
Sebelius didn't test $635M (probably $1B) ObamaCare website until a couple of days leading up to the launch. I dont know why our allies are so surprised Obama is tapping their phones? Nothing changes!
Via  by Myra Per-Lee Got A Great Idea? Get Donald Trump To Fund It  Time for Sebelius to be fired. She has admitted that the Administration did not vet the ObamaCare website Thanks to ObamaCares device tax
The signature restaurant of 
 has makings of iconic landmark Erickson-designed highrise  ... Yesterday was Matt Drudge's birthday Happy Birthday and great job!
_jwc Because he paid me far more than it was worth!
 Sadly true!
  Love Trump ties! Very couture but affordable to dress your hubby.
 
_E_Fresh2  with you as POTUS we'd probably have a $600
  Do you beleive all that money was spent on a website ?  No
   We need Trump in 16 to fix this mess the community activist has created
Will be on Fox &amp; Friends tomorrow morning at 7.00.  Will be discussing the disgusting and wasteful $635 million website rollout and more!
  Us latinos will vote for you. All we want is to be part of the American Dream. Include us! Cool.
  you are that Leader. Think about it.  Thanks.
 LOVE YOUR TOP 3 NEGOTIATING TIPS! 1. TRUST YOUR GUT. 2. PATIENCE IS A VIRTURE. 3. VIEW CONFLICT AS AN OPPORTUNITY! AWESOME!
_ian  Is it better to rent a house or buy a house these days? Much respect  Buy in great location
  This country is in dire need of a LEADER who is not beholden to special interest groups or to anyone - you are that LEADER!
 I think you're an amazing person and a huge inspiration to me! Just ordered your books! Can't wait to read them!! Thanks.
  great gifts for my hard working husband! Love Macy's!
_DiRe  really enjoyed my stay at Trump SoHo this weekend - your staff there is super polite and hospitable  Great.
 People who hate on you are really just jealous at their own lack of success. Thanks for the inspiration Mr. Trump! Thanks
 _Lizz  he has destroyed wilderness beaches in Aberdeen.  Built world's greatest golf course-TOP DRAW!
  I hate you but I love your ties  That sounds like a fair trade!
  Don't you know once upon a time  was leading 2012  I would love to see you elected. God Pls
  We need you for POTUS because there's a whole lot of people in Washington who need to hear the words YOU'RE FIRED!
The new line of Trump ties
  dined at Macleod House today. Wonderful in every aspect. Thanks for creating this on our doorstep. Nice
_Lizz  I am clairvoyant. May I be the first to congratulate you on your win
_Lizz  The reason I think you will be POTUS is bcuz I have never seen anyone juggle so many things at once &amp; be successful  each.
President Obama should bring Secretaty Sebelius into his office
  Great game against Tennessee  by the most unappreciated (by the media) quarterback in college football - and no more tattoos!
Good night everyone - sleep well and tomorrow have many victories!
  is a Genius  Thank you.
_stacys_mom_ I just love .  Thank you.
 I see principled
_  We need you now more than ever! Hope to see you run in 2016!
  How do you have time to tweet everyone when your so busy? When I like people
 VOTE  FOR PRESIDENT!  
_3 I want  to tweet me so bad! Huge fan! 
  we need a president who is successful and has a ton of common sense. Tht is u Mr. Trump!
  says whatever he wants and doesn't care. I love it. He's a legend.
_stacys_mom_ I just love .  Very nice.
  I see principled
I must say that some of these college football games are great tonight-very exciting-I wish I had more time to watch!
  _TuscChevy Not only does America need an adult in DC we need DJT in 2016  Thank you.
  2016 is your year and I will do everything God gave me to show my Appreciation  XOXO
  Kick ass in 2016! I'm on board
_TuscChevy  Trump 2016  for it
   Thank you-always a good thought.
I try to learn from the past
_Ghali If you're born poor
  We wont see REAL change unless you become President!    True!
Isn't it amazing that the U.S. and NSA can listen to the highly protected phone conversations of world leaders but can't get O's records!
At this point the legacy of the Obama Administration will be
With the $635 million dollar website fiasco
Can you imagine the anger and disgust when the heads of other countries found out that their cell phones were being tapped by NSA.Obama mess
   want to help campaign for Trump 2016!  Thank you.
  I agree about the wind turbines they are horrible
. Great taste
First Titantic sunk on its maiden voyage.Next the Hindenburg explodes on its first flight to America.Now we suffer the ObamaCare rollout!
_Virus  For 2016. Change that we REALLY can depend on.
  needs to run so we can get out of this mess 
  We wont see REAL change unless you become President!    Thank you and true!
  has my vote! He MUST run for president if we want success!  Thank you.
  the youth of America needs you Mr. Trump  They sure need someone
   Sad Donald trump isn't president we would not be in this mess!  So true.
  Good advice from my mother
   You're more than the best Entrepreneur; great teacher &amp; source of encouragement!  Thanks.
  Seriously
  Wish you could lead this country. We need you Mr. Trump.
When a complex website is broken the best thing to do is blow it up and start all over again-then sue the culprits and use the proper team!
The Audacity of Ineptitude  ObamaCare website will cost over $1B  You want to compete
Great meeting  at  dinner. Besides his great acting
.  Thank you for the T. Boone Pickens Entrepreneur Awarda great honor for me from a fantastic man.
Jeffrey Lord  you for the presentationterrific job!
Bob Tyrrell  youand also for the great work you do.
Great evening with the  &amp; the T. Boone Pickens Entrepreneur Award. Amazing crowdthank you!
Good advice from my mother
Good advice from my father

You've got something unique to offer. Find out what it is. Ask yourself What can I provide that does not yet exist?
Courage is being scared to death... and saddling up anyway. - John Wayne
                      

  Thanks.
Discovery breeds discovery
                      

                     

                 

It was just determined that the woman who passed out at Obamas press conference had just seen what her new premiums would be!
  Great!
 Yes and thanks.
   Apology accepted.
If the Saudis are so concerned about Syria then they should go in themselves. Stop telling us to do their dirty work.
Ill soon be leaving for Washington where  will give me the T. Boone Pickens Entrepreneur Award. Very exciting!
Wheres the accountability for the $635M website fiasco in the Obama administration? Heads should roll and officials should be fired
On Fifth Avenue
Why doesn't President Obama call upon the NSA to fix the badly broken website-then they could spy on all of the many cheaters &amp; arrest them!
Honestly
 Getting a picture of Donald Trump and putting it on a shirt tomorrow cause hes a true american hero )  Wow
Breaking news - The Washington Redskins have just announced that they will be removing the name Washington from their name!
If you want to succeed
The most luxurious hotel in downtown Manhattan
Have time to waste? Go to the ObamaCare website.
America is too great for small dreams.  Pres. Ronald Reagan
Looking forward to receiving the T. Boone Pickens Entrepreneur Award at tomorrows  Robert L. Bartley Gala dinner.
Via  by Jeffrey Lord Donald Trump Americas Entrepreneur   Great
 1 of the first ties bought my sweetheart was Trump from Macy's on 34th w/cuff links. Thx 4 shootingstraight.  Great!
Sure
Message to Edward Snowden
On November 9th  comes to Moscow! Hosted by the wonderful duo of  &amp;  in Crocus City Hall!
Doing an interview with . Discussing the ObamaCare  web disaster. Be sure to listen Winner of the 5 Star Diamond Award
Wheres the global warming? 2013 was one of the least extreme years in weather on record Help fund  new show American Made on  Via  Trump eyes PGA tour for Dubai golf course   Thanks.
  Thanks
  Hi Ryan.
. magazine is doing so poorly that they make even  look good. Graydon Carter shouldve been fired a long time ago.
 Great
Sixteen  is winning accolades and is a destination point restaurantdont miss it!
Trump Intl Hotel &amp; Tower Chicago is one of very few hotels in No. America w/ a 5 Star
 They get fired.
  Thank you
Doing Fox and Friends in two minutes!
 Wind farms have scarred the British landscape&amp;turned the public against the renewable energy agenda! See
  the whole UK supports you in the  elections we all love watching the apprentice USA here.
 _Wofford  Website designer HUGE Obama campaign donor. Can we say kickbacks?
  4 president has my vote! We need financial education in the USA. Go get em D!  Thanks Jaime!
I would bet that we have many great American technology companies that would build and fix the pathetic ObamaCare website for ZERO dollars!
  Are you actually going to go for  elections? If so you have my support!   Thank you!
Why doesn't President Obama just get the people from Google to fix the failed   website. In fact
  Very nice
. Good question!
  We need your knowledge and sensibility to restore this country to it's former glory and respect.
_Zimmy 
    Whats the odds the 5 people who subscribe 2 that rag I mean mag
 Hey 
  Hey D Trump
  I had the honor of going in to this awesome building today. Even the restrooms are first class!  Thanks.
_Fall In 2016
_Fall Monetarily
    Bury them fake journalists
  you ready for Miss Universe?  Yes
  today I had my wife cancel her subscription to    Thank you-smart!
 This is my favorite person
   Subscribing to that trash to begin with would be your first mistake.  It is failing fast!
   I canceled mine Smart move
   I hope everybody possible cancels their subscription to the failing
THE ROLLOUT OF OBAMACARE IS A TOTAL DISASTER AND AN EMBARRASSMENT TO OUR COUNTRY. THE WORLD IS WATCHING AND LAUGHING.$635
   In every interview New York Magazine has done for years they ask the same question - What do you think of Donald Trump? Beggars!
  Can you imagine a top editor at New York Magazine calling for my death-if they were responsible
   Wow
  Working on my Midas Touch plan re the fund anything reward! You are my favorite entrepreneur! Thanks.
     NO got so irrelevant. TIME OUT far better than ny magazine.
  NBC Report White House Taking Obamacare Website Offline Again For Repairs.
    does anyone actually still subscribe?  Not many!
Just like its website
Secy. Sebelius
 And this is why r kids are bullies
    Dan Amira owes Mr Trump and his wife an apology!  He doesn't have the guts to apologize!
  you're a legend.  Thanks Ray
    people actually subscribe to NyMag? Not many
  is my role model!!  Thank you.
    Dan
  you're certainly giving  and  publicity!! Even neg publicity is 'good' to some folk.  It's not
    Unlike the rest of you libs
  America needs you now more than ever. 2016 cannot get here fast enough  Well
  When I come home from work my Twitter page is filled with Donald Trump tweets...Love reading them...So Bold &amp; Truthful.
    guys like that will watch everything burn down around them before they admit they were wrong.
    Sick and wrong. Apologize!
 Doesn't surprise me  from  is a frequent guest on  both entities no ethics + no morals = no ratings.
   Thomas
   trump is one of smartest men around I agree - thanks!
   I can't wait to never read another copy of . I will enjoy watching it crash and burn though.
    Mr. Amira
    what a horrible thing to say!  Not exactly an unbiased editor-very unprofessional &amp; sad!
    No place for that in a civil society. You should resign immediately.  They should demand it
  _wonders   if it does go up for sale ill buy them out.  Don't do it-bad investment!
  should be the next president 
    I will NEVER subscribe. Just for you &amp; your beautiful family
    never had the stinking NYMag but if I did I would cancel for the Trump!  It's dead anyway!
_wonders    does anyone read  anymore. I'm sure it'll be sold for a dollar just like Newsweek.
  whats wrong with canadians?  Nothing except they are too smart for U.S. leaders to deal with!
I hope everyone that read 's reprehensible statement will cancel their subscription to  in protest. Let me know.
 I wish the  would be president
No wonder  is doing so poorly
  A terrible statement like that shows how desperate you and your magazine are. You should be ashamed.
Canadians kicked out the firm that the U.S. paid all that money to for the failed website. How stupid are our leaders? This is a scandal!
Wow
No surprise Saudis turned down spot on UN Security Council. They dont want  responsibility. Just have us do their heavy lifting.
I love watching the dishonest writers  suffer the magazines failure.
 sales are so dismal that w/ its record 2013 losses it is going bi-weekly Our country is being run by total amateurs. Lets just call it amateur hour.
Can you imagine a Canadian company developing our website? Terrible way to put Americans back to work.
Honored to be attending Rev.  95th birthday. His life &amp; work has brought hope &amp; faith to millions worldwide.
This will be one of the biggest and most beautiful Miss Universe events ever.
The 2013 MISS UNIVERSE Pageant

  Thank you.
  Thank you.
    So nice
 Thanks!
ObamaCare website fiasco was a SINGLE bid to a Canadian company - terrible!
I build beautiful websites with very smart and imaginative people for almost NOTHING. OUR GOVERNMENT SPENT ALMOST $535
The contract to build the ObamaCare website was given to a CANADIAN company for $55
   Mr Trump. You have great kids.Let them handle UR business. Step forward and save what's left of the USA
_  America needs to listen to what Trump is saying.  Thanks!
  Our country needs a great business man like yourself to made us a force on a global scale again. So true!
  I've been watching The apprentice since I was 10 and thats really all I get excited for in the winter 
  was the man on Letterman!
   You're the only one.
  Don
  why be governor when you can be president?
  Great men do great things
  I was against fame entering the white house until now. Please run for president
 best  interview yet   Thanks!
  is the post office building in DC the way the US is going to pay your salary when you become the President in 16
  You were great on Letterman as usual.  Thank you!
 See
  Great appearance on Letterman. Such a great insight. Wish we had more great businessmen like you.
  I'm a Democrat
 You've really got the world by the ass
   No joke.....The Donald would be a great  captain.  I agree.
  then please fire the hell out of some of these pathetic leaches up there in DC! You do it better than anyone else!.
By the way
Thanks for all of the great support but I just don't see myself wanting to run for Governor of New York - I have something else in mind!
I'm on the David Letterman  tonightlooking forward to it. 1135 PM on CBS.
Gain and use information to your advantagesee every day as an opportunity to learn.
A winning attitude will put everything in perspective. Keep negative thoughts and people where they belongout of the big picture.
Apple must make the IPhone screen bigger. Losing major market share.
Obama administration is killing American industrial renaissance by stopping drilling and fracking. Terrible for economy.
Via  Golden Bear and American business tycoon finish their unlikely masterpiece  Entrepreneurship is engine of American success. I bring it to crowdfunding w/ 's $1M RECORD reward ._Music_Event  Read 'Midas Touch'  great book for entrepreneurs. Good luck!
_Music_Event  Read 'Midas Touch'  great book for entrepreneurs. Good luck!
             

_JohnHahn  Ferry Point looks awesome! It should definitely get some major/championship events sometime soon
  Donald you are a true American hero. I can't wait to celebrate Trump day in the future. Wow
Remember
  Does a day go by when you don't pat yourself on the back?  Not many!
I'm glad that Mark Cuban won the ridiculous case with the    S.E.C.  It never should have been brought in the first place!
What a great day it was yesterday showing the public Trump Links at Ferry Point. I took over a disaster and made it GREAT! Good job to all!
    True and thanks.
 So nice
 Thanks.
 Thank you.
 Thank you.
. was just rated Best Room Service in LV by The Daily Meal. Congrats to my Las Vegas staff! Just left Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point.  Ribbon cutting w/ &amp;  was spectacular. Lots of people &amp; jobs!
Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point will host many major championships over the years. Great thing for NYCcongratulations to all!
  my preview of the course and ribbon cutting in the  today   Please Dont 
  now this should give Bethpage a run for the money in NY Will blow Bethpage away!
Trump Links will be a great championship golf course that will host many major tournaments and bring tremendous $'s &amp; prestige to N.Y.C.!
Will be cutting ribbon at           10 A.M. with Mayor Bloomberg and Jack Nicklaus for the opening of TRUMP LINKS at FERRY POINT.
  I miss Celeb Apprentice-Best show on T.V.  Thank you
Welfare's purpose should be to eliminate
Republicans seem intent on negotiating against themselves. Many senior Senators are doing Obamas bidding. Cant win this way.
Al Qaeda terrorist Al Libi was immediately read his rights &amp; is now being treated for pre-existing medical (cont)  _Cat41 Happy Birthday!
Experience
Thanks to all for the wonderful congratulation sent to me on the birth of Ivanka's little boy - so nice!
My beautiful daughter Ivanka just had a healthy baby boy. Jared and Ivanka are very proud!
_Cayard   So nice
   Thank you for your great confidence! OUR STATE
GOPers eye Donald Trump for governor run _Keign Perhapsno decision yet.
 New look for Blue Monster's signature golf course is more challenging &amp; fan friendlier  Thanks.com
  Thanks.
 Thank you.
 My honor.
 It will be the country's finest resort!
 Thanks.
As an addition
 You have to have passion for your work. That's crucial. Then focus on it and don't give up.
 Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities and possibilities
Ranked a top course  &amp; 6 Star Diamond Award
  U crack me up. I love how a man of ur wealth
  your  is an amazing property thru n thru.  Thank you-tallest &amp; most beautiful in LasVegas
  Great.
  Thank you Christine.
  gr8 spot on. Insightful
 only an idiot loses money in real-estate  does that all the time.  I've made over ten billion $'s
 Best part about Monday mornings is listening to  on Fox and Friends! You should run for POTUS!! Thank you!
   Donald Trump has done more for this country than Barrack has ever thought about. Thanks!
__Phoebe  graduated from  (the School of Champions). Great school
   Happy birthday to my baby - and keep up the great work at school. We are all proud of you!
  PLEAAAASE RUN for PRESIDENT!!! Help America Donald Trump
   Thank you!
   So true. Who signed off over 1/2 billion web site. Biggest failure in I T history pretty amazing
Somebody got rich building the ObamaCare website which doesn't even come close to working - where has the money gone?
I know a great deal about websites etc. but I am unable to understand how our government spent $635 million on the ObamaCare site-&amp; disaster
   Great news!
   Thank you.
 Thank you and true!
                   

  True!
  Thank you.
_1  Thanks.
Many countries including allies already see China as world superpower How do you spend over $635M on websites and they don't work?
Congrats to Jim Lipton and Inside the Actors Studio for winning the Emmy Award for the 250th Episode. I was honored to appear in it.
Weekly jobless claims soared to 21.5%
  Quickly.
  Piers is a good man
Personally
Why is Douglas Durst allowed to use the World Trade Center to get out of a lease with Conde Nast?
I wouldnt use _Meier to design a doghouse
_Meier
Lightweight  is pushing for the Moreland Commission to be disbanded immediatelybecause he is being looked at!
Problems
If its worth doing
  I'm coming to NY from Florida tomorrow. I'm bringing the first Trump 2016 sign with me.  Wow
 Praying that you will consider running for president. You understand business &amp; know how to negotiate. 
  I'd vote Trump for president ten times over.   Thank you.
Jack Welch thinks Sam Palmisano
 Our country needs a smart
  Everyone should start their twitter day with TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT....lets start the movement  Wow!
  You need to run for President. Your take-no-BS attitude is what we need in this country!
_Eg  Sir
   We need more than 10 min with Donald. Was inspired. Get gov't in assembly and make them watch.
  TRUMP for president !!!!  Well
_sly  Great job
  Really enjoyed your interview.Honest and stright forward
   Thank you.
   Tell John he is a total winner!
    4th now! David should have seen his interview with  truly amazing.
  I was in your hotel in Chicago today. One of the most amazing buildings I've ever seen! Thank you.
  I was in your hotel in Chicago today. One of the most amazing buildings I've ever seen! Thanks.
  4 president 
  Blake Thomas Roberts
_Chenault07 If  was just in charge of our countries economic decisions we would be back on track.
  watching your CNN interview
    Donald
  Trump for PRESIDENT!!! THE U.S. ADORES TRUMP!
_ktm  You scored a 10 on . Thanks for keeping it real!
   Your family and dad are great-your mother must have been amazing!
  Amazing Interview Mr.Trump
  The truth that needed to be heard. Voice of common sense! YOU'RE HIRED!!
  Great job on Piers Morgan!  Thank you.
 I urge every politician in Washington to tune into CNN and listen to  's advice on how to do a deal.
   Watch CNN tonight as Piers and I discuss Obama
I will be on  tonight at 9PM. Ill be doing  show tonight on CNN at 9 PM.  Will be very  interesting. (I hope!)
If you dont treat yourself like royalty
Obama has called  terrorists during this showdown. Its a shame he really doesnt think it because then he would meet all  demands.
Obama is the most profligate deficit &amp; debt spender in our nations history. Doubled debt (cont) The fact that we are here today to debate raising Americas debt limit is a sign of leadership failure. - Sen. Obama
Obamas job approval is at 37%
Obama can open the Mall for illegals to protest our country yet he continues to barricade WWII memorial. Thats an absolute disgrace.
Golf is deceptively simple and endlessly complicated. It satisfies the soul and frustrates the intellect. (cont)  Thank you.
 Thank you.
_wise                     

_G_  Great!
              

My advice to you regarding momentum is definitive Get yours going!  Think Like a Champion
  on  tomorrow?! I wouldn't miss that for the world!  TONIGHT.
_borto I said this last year
Re Florida Power &amp; LightMost important is safety but they have to also cater to aesthetics &amp; not ruin the beauty of Florida.
I pay millions of $s a year to Florida Power &amp; Light &amp; they cant give us what we want. Maybe a major class action suit against them?
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take. - Wayne Gretzky
Entrepreneurs who develop their Midas Touch do not work for money. They work to create or acquire assets. Focus on assets.
At 96 stories above Michigan Avenue
Via   project will boast 800 hotel rooms Dont emphasize the problem so much-emphasize the solution. Its a mindset that works.  Think Like a Champion
If the U.S. Government doesn't give the money necessary for the burials of our military personnel
It is outrageous and disgusting that families of U.S. MILITARY personnel killed in action will not be given money for burials. SAD!
   Amazing day in Dubai! Launch of the  Estates with 
   love Donald Trump and the support he gives to positive women today!!!!! -)
  I say go for it
  am i gonna see u in russia this november?? are u goin to attend the event?  Miss Universe on Nov 9th
  I notice
With President Obama it's all talk and no action. Our country is in desperate need of smart and decisive leadership before it is too late!
  It is time for REAL change. Donal J. Trump 2016. Obama
I'm just so tired of listening to the same old rhetoric and words
Florida Power &amp; Light has disgusting rotting utility poles outside Doral in Miami. They should put in new ones or will be sued.
In my opinion
The White House has just admitted Al Qaeda was involved in Benghazi Did you ever think our country would  become an economic basket case? So much for Hope &amp; Change.
The new reality
Had a great time on  inaugural 7PM show. Congrats to Greta  on the new spot!
. has leverage. Must stay united &amp; on message.
If you are steadfast in your efforts and self respect
Expect the best from people. They will rise to the challenge and  it's important to inspire confidence.
  Thanks.
_dennis82   True.
  Thanks.
 Thank you.
President Obama wants to change the name of the White House because it is highly discriminating and not at all politically correct!
President should not be telling the Washington Redskins to change their name-our country has far bigger problems! FOCUS on them
 Amazing day in Dubai! Launch of the  Estates and first day of Cityscape 2013 cc  
_La_Reina    that will never fly! They'd have to do the same for the Chiefs
My sense is that people are far angrier at the President than they are at Congress re the shutdownan interesting turn!
Do not allow fear to settle into place in any part of your life. It is a defeating attitude &amp; a negative emotion Think Like a Champion
With the debt limit approaching
We build too many walls and not enough bridges. - Isaac Newton
83% of the government is still running during the shutdown while 41% of nondefense federal workers are furloughed. Room for cuts.
Obama is tougher on WWII vets wanting to visit a DC memorial than Iran. He needs to show respect to our vets and not play games.
Government is shut down yet Obama is now harassing the privately owned  to change its name.He needs to focus on his job!
Standing strong for his people
An iconic building and top tourist attraction
  We need someone with some business sense in the White House. This administration doesn't have a clue.
  Thank You Mr. Trump for speaking up just now ! Please don't stop !
  The Donald says the Republicans absolutely can win if they will STAND FIRM. 
  Negotiations are non-existant
   Mr.Trump is right again. The Republicans need to stick together and let the Dems be blamed.
The Obama Administration has a very important duty to provide a budget - and then negotiate! OUR COUNTRY is a laughingstock!
  the only ruler that does not Negotiate is a DICTATOR!
  While I never ran
_mcvicker Went to  winery in Charlottesville VA yesterday for my birthday
 RT   You are fantastic Trump. Run for president and save America!
 Time to clean up Washington... Vote  for President in 2016!
  Please help save our country and run for President!! 
  You are fantastic Trump. Run for president and save America!   Thank you.
Compete with yourself to be the best you can be.  Think Like a Champion
The minute that youre not learning I believe youre dead.  Jack Nicholson
Trumps Are Giving  A Makeover While the Pres. of Iran tweets sweet nothings to Obama he forbids the Iranians to use twitter. Very revealing.
When will lightweight hack Attorney General be investigated for his repeated prosecutorial misconduct?Must read editorial today about lightweight New York State Attorney General Eric Schneiderman. Is he a crook? Congrats to  on the success of the new smash show . Fantastic suspense. Great acting. Must see TV!
Obama has unilaterally &amp; unconstitutionally drawn 4 ObamaCare exemptions for his friends. All  wants is (cont) Total misnomer to call ObamaCare The Affordable Care Act. Affordable for whom besides big businesses &amp; Congress w/their exemptions?
My   interview w/ on the govt. shutdown
  Thanks!
 So true!
Just read  bestseller bookreally great!
Congrats to people of Scotland on the Judges ruling concerning bird killing
Life is difficult no matter what
Going with your instincts requires tuning in to everything around your decision.  Think Big
  Remember when Obama said Bush raising the debt ceiling was unpatriotic?   Obama administration had 4 years to prepare for the ObamaCare rollout. And of course they failed miserably.
 Thanks.
Great ruling on wind farm in Scotlandvery smart judge! Front page article. Most entrepreneurs do not realize that wealth does not come from work
Great effort springs naturally from great attitude. - Pat Riley
Obama administration had 4 years to prepare for the ObamaCare rollout. And of course they failed miserably.
 continued incompetence has led to more people losing their jobs Obama and the Democrats have no respect for WWII vets trying to get into the memorial.
Many Red-State Democrats sticking with Obama on deficit spending on the ObamaCare monstrosity will be defeated in 2014.
Oil has been over $33/gallon for 34 months. A new record. And now with Obamas war on coal
Moderate Repubs plotting against  strategy have short term memories. Tea Party gave them majority in House &amp; primaries aren't fun.
Angela Merkel is doing a fantastic job as the Chancellor of Germany. Youth unemployment is at a record low &amp; she has a budget surplus.
On the shores of the Lake Norman
My friend Larry King  asked me to do an interview with himhe was always great to me&amp; I agreed. Watch tonight 9 PM on RTV.
Know from inside out that you have the power to succeed and you will. Thats taking control.  Think Like a Champion
The most elite private club in the world
_Boy_21 Thanks
 I agree.
 They must go to a larger screen.
 Spring of '15.
_D           
 yet!
 Tell your son congratsgreat round on really tough course.
 If  was The President all our problems would be fixed. We would be doing great!
  please please retweet for my wife whos a 2nd grade teacher battling stage4 cancer here in NJ.  Get better fast
_E_Fresh2 Forget the country
 . is a genius when it comes to politics. You cant deny   Thank you.
   Thank you.
 Honestly
  To save US and to show respect for veterans we need a real leader like you as President Thank you!
Study Insurance costs to soar under Obamacare Stocks rose yesterday during the first day of government shutdown. Markets like being left alone for a day.
A-Rods appeal will go nowhere. He will get a long suspension. Good for the . And sends strong message to  players.
Young entrepreneurs across the US are trying to make deals &amp; build businesses daily. Stay positive
Democrats refused to vote down their ObamaCare subsidy. While Americans will be hit w/ rising premiums
The ObamaCare disaster is in full swing. Websites are down
When it comes to Iran's nuclear weapons program
  UN address was a strong statement to the world that  will not allow Iran to get nuclear weapons.
Congrats 's new Fox show debuts w/ very strong ratings Sorry banks
. Cover your bases. Know everything you can about what you're doing.
. Be totally focused. Being successful requires nothing less than 100% of your concentrated effort.
. Be passionateyou have to love what you're doing to be successful at it.
New York State's lightweight A.G. is driving business &amp; jobs out of N.Y. Look into his past-he shouldn't even be allowed to hold office!
Wow
Can you imagine
Face reality as it is
Your money should be at work at all times. Even in the worst economy
It is crucial for Republicans to remain united during this shutdown
There have been 17 shutdowns since 1976
Remember when Obama promised you can keep your health care plan? Not in these 10 states.   Thanks.
Nice guy  needs your help to make his bad guy movie Directors Cut&gt; It was an honor to be 's inaugural guest on her new show The Real Story. Gretchen will be a big success!
                     

                      

  Thanks.
Obama has not passed a single budget in 4 years. Democrats dont even vote them in Congress. He has failed to lead!
Obama &amp; the Democrats want this shutdown. They think it helps their electoral prospects for 2014. Dont believe!
Rated Torontos  hotel
Must read editorial via  ObamaCare's Bitter Irony It May Increase Number Of Uninsured Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau
  you seem like the only one who can fix this mess! Run for office!
The Republicans can absolutely win if they stick together-but they are NOT sticking together. Sen. McCain just said we can't win.Very bad!
  we need  and Bill O'Reilly to be in charge to straighten this country out! 
  please help get this country back from all these idiots and corrupt government  Will be working on it
Remember that in 2006 then Senator Obama voted NOT TO INCREASE THE DEBT CEILING. Now he acts in disbelief as others plan to do the same!
Integrity is the essence of everything successful.  Richard Buckminster Fuller
Since stop &amp; frisk was struck down
   Dee Dee Great seeing you . You are really having a positive impactdon't ever stop.
  Thanks Larryand you
 Happy Birthday!
Trump Int'l Hotel &amp; Tower Vancouver's original twisting design gives every unit a distinct view Business is an art in itself
The commodity market is extremely fragile. Be wary of investing right now. The futures are way too dependent on the Fed.
No one wants the government to shut down
  If you have a problem-Think to yourself-What would Donald Trump do? The answer will come.  Thanks.
   Thanks!
  Thank you!
  for president  Thank you!
  Thank you Danyella-if you would like to work there call Jackie in my office (NY).
  Cute boy
   Thanks Karlie!
With proper thinking and leadership
Obamacare is far toooo expensive
  if we could afford it
  will you be running for president or is it all talk?  Time will tell!
   I have heard Obama say 
  Don't think I can watch news anymore. O is doing such a good job of turning US into joke
  doesn't need money for a campaign! Everyone already knows and loves him!  Very nice!
  Dad got his first hole in 1 today on the 16th at Trump International Links. Can I get a rt for him please
  stop investing in hotels and focus on our structure and your campaign for presidency Good point!
 I wonder if  knows that  is following him on twitter!   That's great!
    its a great shirt and looks great! Trump shirts and ties are my andmy husbands favorite
Our country and it's leadership has to be so careful and so smart - these are treacherous times
  if the people want to get our economy back on track
  best properties all over the world!
  can close the economic
Iran is toying with our president - buying time and laughing at the stupidity of our leadership. Syria
_DTrick  i didnt vote for him but i cant wait till he's out of office... for President! 2016
  I think you are the  Then how come our government makes so many mistakes?
Re negotiation Know exactly what you want and keep it to yourself. Think about what the other side wants and where they're coming from.
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal. - Henry Ford
Dont believe the manipulated job numbers. Walmart has just cut orders with suppliers because of rising inventory.
Spanish version of ObamaCare website  delayed On Monday
Our country needs leadership now. There is total dysfunction in Washington.
Five Star  are the most luxurious &amp; elite residences in the Vegas market You have to believe in what you want. Keep your focus
For all of those who have been asking about online sales
  you need to renovate 1600 Pennsylvania ave. ASAP!!!!
  after following your career for over 20 yrs
_Larkinater  I play hockey at Lasker! Thanks for an amazing outside rink in the best city in the world!
  Thanks and true!
  Awesome Example! Thank you for being a great American!!! Thanks.
  ....I love people who can act to finish projects efficiently and fast. Good job! Thank you.
  You've saved a lot of buildings. developments and ventures.Please save the White House !!  Interesting!
  Feels like I have grown up with you. My dad is a huge fan and always talked about you. You are amazing! Wow
I am so happy that I was able to do something really good for the Bronx - and lots of jobs!
Yes
  Good point
  congrats! The Bronx will never be the same again
Credit the Bloomberg administration for having the foresight and courage to get this decades old project finished - will be BIG for NY.
To be called Trump Links at Ferry Point
Once the Bloomberg administration selected Trump to take over the very expensive and years late project
The big golf course project on the water by the Whitestone Bridge in NYC that has been under construction for many years now complete-GREAT!
A very good way to pave your own way to success is simply to work hard and to be diligent  Think Like a Champion
Freedom is never more than one generation away from extinction.- Ronald Reagan  
7 million Americans are going to lose their jobs due to ObamaCare. 46 million face 300% premium increases. DEFUND! 
Both Obama administration and House leadership staffs are exempt from ObamaCare. Why not the American people? 
Winner of the 5 Star Diamond Award
Uniforms 4 Everyone campaign  has a $3
Happy belated birthday wishes to . Barbara is terrific!
Via   New York Unveils $50 Million Presidential Penthouse Partner with people who share your values
The world is changing very fast. Big will not beat small anymore. It will be the fast beating the slow. - 
                     

 Happy Birthday!
Build confidence starting with small successes that lead to greater and greater successesthere is nothing like winning. -Think Big
In real estate
ObamaCare will increase individual market premiums by 99% for men and 62% for women The shale boom is saving our economy Via  by Cindy W. Hodnett Dorya to introduce Trump Home high-end furniture If ObamaCare is so amazing
Obama wanted to meet with the Iranian president
Remember what I previously saidObama will someday attack Iran in order to show how tough he is.
Can you believe the head of Iran refused to meet with our great President?Zero respect!
If Justice Roberts had made the correct decision on ObamaCare
_Boy_21  if we don't defund  the USA will never have the freedom. we will be controlled by our Government
_Diplo  IS OUR NEXT PRESIDENT. ACCEPT IT.
   NeNe asks me for advice and I am happy to oblige. Tonight at 9.00 on Bravo (and watch her ratings go through the roof!).
 Make sure y'all watch  2NITE  will be on there   9pm
 Can't wait to Watch  tonight I no  will give  some good Advice   WATCH!
If winning isn't everything
Take the time to move yourself forward. In other words
Its a shame the ruling class of Republicans dont attack Obama and the Democrats the way they hit Senators Cruz &amp; Lee.
Less than one week away from implementation
Obama promised premiums would lower $2
Obama told the UN that the world is more stable than it was 5 years ago. Is he delusional?
Congrats to Team USA &amp; Capt.  for retaining the PGA Cup! Well done and well deserved!
's Veteran Military Dogs campaign seeks to rehabilitate veteran K9s and find them a home . seeks my advice on prenups
 Thank you.
 is on a very triky and slippery path right now.The right moves will lead to greatness
_Bailey  has the best tweets for real.  Thank you
I am a defender of 
_Diplo              

Huma should dump the sicko Weiner.  He is a calamity that is bringing her down with him.
Obamas coal regulations will destroy the coal industry
The Democrats in Congress dont want ObamaCare for themselves or big businesses. So why are they forcing it on the American people?
Americans nationwide have their premiums double and work hours decreased.  must do the right thing
Heres the truth
 insists that without changes to Obamacare average citizens will suffer. Mariano Rivera is greatest closer of all time. A leader in the club house &amp; an exceptional man. One of the best  in history.
Penn Jillette shows his dark side in new crowdfunded film Directors Cut Congratulations to  on being named  Power Player of the Week. Ivanka is doing a great job w/ DC Post Office.
Via  by  Trump Power   we need a big change
 Smartest man in American television &gt; Mark Burnett.    
The Emmys are sooooo boring!  Terrible show. I'm going to watch football! I already know the winners. Good night.
 AG Schneiderman doesn't prosecute a butcher doctor but he goes after    Thank you!
  could you do a better job??  YES!
Is it the Neil Patrick Harris show or the Emmy Awards?How was he ever put in this position to start with? CRAZY!
Referees are destroying the enjoyment of NFL games. Slowing down the fun. Big shots. Jets game is ridiculous!
  as a Muslim and as an American
  eventhough don't agree with you slot
_Gil          and  should be part of the Emmys nominations!  Pure politics!
  Americas Hope
 To  the service
  you hate muslims.  Wrong
  is an inspiration to our management and staff always motivating us to do more for our members. THANKS!
Big things going on today at Trump National-Westchester!
  Americas Hope Our country needs hope - it is in really bad shape!
   De La Vega wise words to Trump. Love the man. Want to see an icon outlast life itself. 
  The unparalleled genius  Thanks.
   Thanks.
  Always great working with you. You are a true modern master. Thank you.
   Really good
  on  equals ratings  TRUE!
    I like the Donald. An American hero.
  let me ask if you dislike  then why do you read his tweets? Because they can't live without me-haters!
  Happy birthday!
  Donald the course you have given us in Scotland is world class! Thank you!
  thinking of booking  Vegas for our anniversary. How are the rooms? Do they sell Trump water? Great &amp; yes
  do you have to retweet the only people who actually give you a complement? Should I retweet haters-losers?
  Thank you
__Diplo  is much more than just a Republican. He is a brilliant entrepreneur and individual. Thank you.
  is such an amazing person to be honest.. his book inspires me to work hard and be successful  Thanks.
  no George Buch did that. George Bush gave us Obama!
  us taxpayers are tired of carrying the deadbeats
  Care to say a few words to  ?  Get rid of the NUKES
  I value your opinion. I value your wisdom from experience and education. You have so much to offer! Thanks
Republicans must unite to defund Obamacare - it will drive our country into oblivion and
  _ENG Are you going to straighten out the Russia Syria problem? Hope so.  Can be done!
  just watched your Roast here in SA and u were brilliant Thank you!
 Best Twitter follow I ever made The Donald. Random 24/7 MT  I believe that  is a really good person
An important part of my (or anybody's) success is the ability to judge people. I believe that  is a really good person.
  my late-mother and I watch the Apprentice since S1. I was 10yo...the foundation for my love of business
 Can  replace  on ? Mark is doing just fine
  And you also made a great call on BA
  what a victory at the member guest today at trump national Bedminster.  I LOVE TO WIN!
Our Constitution was made only for a moral &amp; religious people. It is wholly inadequate to the government of any other. John Adams
One man with courage is a majority. - Thomas Jefferson
The Donald J. Trump Signature Collection
Welcome to the new reality. 23
Opening in 2016
If you include people who have left the work force
  Thanks Cathy.
 Hi Lexxay.
Americans by &amp; large hate ObamaCare. They see Obama lied to get it passed. They see big business &amp; govt got waivers. Defund!
Congratulations to  on standing strong and tying government shutdown to defunding ObamaCare.
Via  Trump Winery President Nominated for Award by Wine Enthusiast Magazine   Why do you hate Africa so much?  I don't-tremendous potential!
 . Mr Trump..i remember your match vs ..it was awesome...what a business man!  Thank you!
  You should have been president. The US would have a surplus of cash!  True!
  Yes
  Why can't this president do ANYTHING right? He's such a disaster! A fair question!
  is the best in business .
 RT   Hahahahahahaha. Smart guy. I think he did same to me. Trump is loved in Nigeria via the Apprentice.
  You'd be a great professor.  My uncle was a professor at M.I.T.
_ENG  when do you plan to come to Moscow? At the beginning of November? Looking forward for your coming Nov. 9
  Your thoughts are simple
  's tweets about negotiations should be treated as trusted gem's cause he knows what he's talking about!
  For once
  I have so much respect for you that I don't care that you blatantly criticize the President I support!
Move slowly
  I saw his brother in Kenya interviewed
President Obama must remember that the worst thing you can do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. Be cool
President Obama seems so fawning and desperate to make a deal with Iran that lots of bad results can occur. Be cool and be careful!
                  

.  dont worry about Liam. You can do much better and you have plenty of timeremain strong!
As a stockholder in Apple
My comments on a larger screen iPhone were in addition to existing unit
   Amazing engineering accomplishment that does not make economic sense.
  Apple is hard of hearing.  So true!
  Why dont you run for President? I think you would win and be a great President!  Thanks!
Lightweight Schneiderman's suit was filed on a Saturday (unheard of) against a school with a 98% approval rating right after Obama meeting.
Lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman meets with President Obama (who he told me sucks as a president)
  Better get a large screen iPhone
  Apple meant for their phones to go to people who have super sight &amp; abnormally tiny fingers for texting
I cannot believe that Apple didn't come out with a larger screen IPhone. Samsung is stealing their business. STEVE JOBS IS SPINNING IN GRAVE
_Grech Your not free
 Yes.
  Do you know when the Trump Tower in Vancouver is suppossed to open? 18 months.
  when is the Blue Monster going to be open for play? November 15.
   Send his info to my office.
   Great game last week
_yamin  Right! And who files a lawsuit on a Saturday anyway? Good call D.T. He thought you would settle because of pr
  I think Trump Chicago is the single most beautiful building in the world.  Thank you.
  you got it Donald
 America needs a strong leader with an innovative mind. 
  can you prove it?  YES!
Lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman is perhaps the most incompetent and least respected A.G. in the U.S. He is a total joke!
Why is lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman allowed to ask for campaign contributions from my people during settlement negotiations?
Lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman sued school with a 98% approval rating while billions in corruption goes unpunished. A total crook?
   Obamacare!
Just returned from Trump Doral in Miami. Massive construction job. When completed will be the best resort in U.S. Blue Monster is amazing!
Build your reputation on intelligence
Becoming an entrepreneur is a personal-development program. If you grow personally
Everyone should calm down.  is going to do a great job as Batman.
Video of my day at The Old Post Office- soon to be the most fabulous hotel! There are great campaigns on   Too early!
. leadership should not be afraid of a government shutdown. They should be afraid of not defunding ObamaCare.
  I just bought a Trump mattress and it is presidential  Made by Serta
  Boeing is at a record high
  _Eliise Unfortunately
 America needs a brilliant patriot like  to guide this country!  Thank you!
   Thanks Sean
  like Einstein was the greatest scientist
_Eliise I really hope  runs for president in 2016  Thanks
The mind that opens to a new idea never comes back to its original size.  Einstein
Keep focusing on doing what you love
Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get. - Dale Carnegie
The Costa Concordia shipwreck is a MONUMENT TO STUPIDITY but the uprighting of the ship is a MONUMENT TO GENIUS!
  Trump really knows what he's talking about. Everyone is just too jealous to listen. Lol. Thank you!
American Exceptionalism and the Navy Yard shooting do not go hand in hand. Foreign countries
The Navy Yard shooting is a horrible disaster. If we don't clean up OUR COUNTRY of the garbage soon
 has great ratings-I told you so. He should pay me at least 25% of his earnings because he would be nowhere without Donald Trump
  I'm a fresh in college and I dream of being half the entrepreneur you are Donald.  You will do great.
  is the greatest. To everyone who hates on him
  Sounds like a fantastic project. Keep us posted on the progress. Take care.  Thank you.
  stunning! Wishing you a great success in Mumbai.  Thank you.
  since all of your predictions have been spot on!  True!
I am proud to announce our newest project
Only 15 days until ObamaCare is implemented. Congress must waive the monstrosity for regular Americans. Why should they be punished?
Michigan has made great progress under Snyder-Calley.  is out early energizing the grassroots. Keep it up! 
Bashar Assad is stronger today than he was before Obama threatened military action. Obama really bungled this.
I predict that President Obama will at some point attack Iran in order to save face!
Great column by David Bossie at  A Battle Won but the War Continues to Defund ObamaCare Congrats to   on being awarded  the prestigious 'Eagle Award for Amnesty Reporting'  Congratulations to  on her successful first day as co-host of ! Great to be in studio today for Elisabeth.
I cant believe my friend Derek Jeter is out for whole seasoninjured day he left Trump World Tower. Lucky bldg. Move back fast!
  &amp;  on  this morning!?!? My day has been made!!!!  Thanks Sarah.
_M  will be our next president. Mark my words.  Thanks for your nice words and thoughts!
   You wedding at Trump National was one of the most beautiful I have ever seen - more importantly
_M I want to go to  just like . He is a hero of mine. Such a brilliant man.  WHARTON is great!
  How about Wrestlemania 30 Donald vs Vince?!?!  good to me
  - 52 and thinking of trying real estate as a new career. Good idea in our current economy
  The judge who called the fight a draw should be thrown out of boxing-it wasn't even close. She is incompetent (or worse)
  if you had to start all over again
_Roy0317 I am proud to say as a first time voter I already know that I will vote for  in 2016.   
  Just ONE TWEET from The Donald Could CHANGE Lil Riley of NJs Life Post HEART/LUNG Transplant 
   Donald we need you in 2016. Youre the only one who can turn us around now!! TRUMP 2016 TRUE
  can't wait for the new season of Apprentice but we still need ur business sense for our nation!  Thanks!
When I say I would end Obamacare
_Rellzz I may not agree with everything he says but your definitely a good businessman   Very true!
  really stuck your neck on the line there. Great shout. .Thank you.
  GREAT FIGHT FLOYD - YOU SHOWED THEM ALL ONCE AGAIN!
  My prediction of Floyd is looking good!
  The world needs a strong &amp; proud America
  I played your course in the NJ Mid Am this week. It couldn't have been better. Perfect?  Thanks Mike.
  what would your first act in office be?  To end Obamacare.
_worldwide  buy it .... turn it around .... and flip it as only The Donald can  That's what I do-but sometimes keep it
  Thank you for caring about Huntingtons Disease! You are amazing! So many blessings your way! Thank you!
 We are all wondering who  likes in tonight's fight!    Mayweather!
  _Lizz Not all Four Seasons Hotels are good. Every Trump is Always Perfect.  So true
New York Fashion Week is really bad
   Just remember
_Lizz  Thank you for caring so much about the U.S.A.!
  did a wonderful job with the opening dinner for . Food and room were fantastic - Thanks.Allen!
    Have created something very special.  best ever is the word here.
  when are we going to have a PGA tour event  ? Best course I've ever played. Very soon!
 The best place for a great lunch with a spectacular view in Chicago is  .
  played with one of the assistant pro's from Doral
  Nobody will laugh at us when you're in charge.   That is so true!
I truly hope President Obama doesn't do something irrational and dangerous for our country in order to save face. He must sit back and chill
 On a serious note 's tweets are genius. One of the smartest people!   Thank you
  how about Jim Furyk and his 59 today greatness  Jim Furyk is a great golfer and a great guy!
Obama is now warning North Korea on the Yongbyon nuclear reactor Prayers go out to the victims of the terrible fire in New Jersey. Stay strong and remember it will soon get better.
  take the money we would waste in Syria. Give it to you. You go rebuild Detroit.  So true!
  Pls hlp &amp; sign &amp; rt ned 10k signatures stacey7 has cancer &amp; very ill in hosp   don't call me a witch or medium
  Mark - thanks for remembering.
  _baylor You are such a welcome voice of reason.  Thanks!
   Great going
  Thanks Jan!
  TRUMP2016! You can preach a better sermon with your life than your lips. Please
We should stop talking
  are you gonna run for president? All this talk of politics is waste if you don't run. You are correct!
_baylor  has the best opinionated tweets about politics in this country Thank you
  He's too late on fixing America. That'll be your priority once you take over office in 2016 Sir.
Most people do not know what Presient Obama is going to do to save his legacy. I do! He's got to get back to basics.Forget Syria-FIX THE USA
Wow
Trust your instincts
My interview w/ 's Peter Cook re the Old Post Office Bldg becoming Trump Int'l Hotel
. manager Joe Girardi is a gritty leader who stands up for his players. Doing a great job!
NO GAMES! HOUSE  MUST DEFUND OBAMACARE! IF THEY DONT
Now Assad is demanding that Obama stop supporting the rebels before he turns over his chemical weapons. What a mess!
China
Must read piece by  Obama's Diplomatic Acrobatics Named best golf course in the world by 
At least  is consistent. She takes over a magazine and it ends up in the gutter.
 is claiming that she decided to leave the . Sure
Tina Brown could finally be over.   is a total failure. She just got fired
   Study Wind Farms Killed 67 Eagles In Five Years I will be doing  Good Day N.Y. with Rosanna &amp;Greg live at 8.30 A.M.  I will be giving money to a great guy who lost his son in the WTC.
  my desktop in the office _that_actor  More obvious every day America desperately needs Trump at the helm! Putin's letter is a masterpiece for Russia and a disaster for the U.S. He is lecturing to our President.Never has our Country looked to weak
  Wish more people with large followings would speak up like Mr. Trump always does. True
  stay awesome MR. Trump you are an inspiration and a great American wish our elected officials could be same!
  is the funniest
 I would like to extend my best wishes to all
  Never Give UpHow I turned my biggest challenges into success.
Take calculated risks. That is quite different from being rash. - George S. Patton
Why is oil at a record high? OPEC &amp; the oil speculators continue to rip us off.
Many people have asked recently when do you sleep?  The answer is  not much.
_Saranga Thanks.
A year ago today a diplomat and 3 security operatives were abandoned by our government while they were under attack.  Never forget!
Donald Trump Jr.
An ad hoc interview I filmed with a German journalist at Ground Zero hours after the attack God bless all the brave souls who perished 12 years ago today.  You will never be forgotten!
Via  Donald
  Thanks!
  Great!
                      

                        

Obama must now start focusing on OUR COUNTRY
Putin is having such a good time. Our President is making him look like the genius of all geniuses. Do not fear
I said that Eliot Spitzer was going to lose when he was way up in the polls. I fought him when others retreated out of fear. NEVER GIVE UP!
Spitzer and Weiner lost
  He must go... People like him r destroying our country and our principals!  Re lightweight A.G. Schneiderman
  my husband and I think you're so awesome!! We can't wait to come to NYC one day and see the Trump towers! Great!
_Is_me  is on a roll and its only 710a my time. I love his enthusiasm! If only everyone had his thought process
  your passion for entertainment biz is so great that it bought you a name recognition outside business field
  who should be the AG replacement? Any thoughts? There are a number of very good people!
  . I worked for another self made man
Weiner is gone
Assad hit the jackpot!
Back to work for the President to try and keep some dignity for the office and himself. The so-called rebels must be thoroughly confused!
The only reason Obama gave a speech last night was because it was on the schedule-Putin is laughing and the reviews have been really bad!
  you are the greatest.. Thank you. !  I will be working hard on that!
  Think Weiner will move to a state that doesn't know him? He should move
Lightweight Attorney General Eric Schneiderman will be next to lose. He goes after a school with a 98% approval rating
Lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman asked us for political contributions DURING his investigation of us
_penny  I love love Donald Trump!  Thanks!
_ClarkSide  is the man!  Thanks!
  I can't imagine you being bad at anything. You are the real most interesting man in the world. Wow
  you sir have the greatest twitter of all time Thank you!
  In Donald We Trust.  Thanks!
  A big key to winning is knowing where the other side is coming from.  Think Like a Champion
 Youre welcome. We did it!  Thank you to all of my Twitter followers for helping to defeat Weiner and Spit-
  I remember when Schneiderman was 2nd in command to Patterson on the D side. Can you believe those two?
Thank you to all of my Twitter followers for helping to defeat Weiner and Spitzer. Remember
I fought hard against Spitzer and Weiner
  What will you miss most about Wiener?  Absolutely nothing!
  Give credit where it is due. NYC voters chose correctly.
Wow
Bottom line
We will have to see what Russia's next move will be. They may have given him an out of an embarrassing situation or drove into deeper mess!
He is working hard and for that he must be given credit!
_tammy  why wasn't Obama more concerned w/Benghazi  killed. Syria not our business
Doesn't want to remove Assad - worries what comes next.
Making his case in a nice and articulate manner.
Does he look sharp
Here we go!
Will be covering President Obama's speech at 9.00 on Twitter-you are all so lucky!
 I honestly think our next president should be  .. People can say what they want but dude seems to have it.
   he has kept his campaign pledge to fundamentally transform America-for the worse!
_Oros  full supporter of  Thanks.
_boy  Putin is making O and Kerry look like chumps!
   The birth certificate that you forced Obama to show is a computer generated forgery.
  everything you say is true and I respect you because your not afraid to say it
  You will knock the President anyway. Wrong
  The 0bama presidency has been a disaster for America
  Putin is much smarter than Obama. No surprise his tactics.
 . you want to send more Americans out to war? Why don't you sign up?  I am against an attack on Syria dummy!
Red line statement was a disaster for President Obama.
This new Russian strategy guarantees victory for the Syrian government-and makes Obama and U.S. look hopelessly bad. President in trouble!
  You are a great American!! Thanks from a Vietnam vet!
The Russians are playing a very smart game. In the meantime they are buying lots of time for Syria and making U.S. look foolish. Dangerous!
                  

   It will be great &amp; produce many jobs.
Danger-Weiner is a free man at 1201AM. He will be back sexting with a vengeance. All women remain on alert.
In order to stay competitive in your industry
  So true!
     Thank you.
_Rap               

MSNBC'S TOUR HAS EPIC RACE-BAITING MELTDOWN ON CNN  Happy Birthday!
                     

    Olivia=a total winner!
                

           

Assad will never give up his chemical weapons. He has spent years and billions accumulating them. This is all a ruse.
Want to take a quiz with me? Download the  app and watch  on Monday at 8/7c on 
Obama and Kerry are bungling Syria by the hour. They have set Americas deterrence &amp; stature back by years. Amateurs!
For all of my millions of followers
We deserve all the answers on Benghazi! Soon to be the greatest hotel in U.S. don_trump_jr      Press conference at The Old Post Office in D.C. Just landed in D.C. Heading down to D.C.  from D.C.-   you are my role model i want to be like you in my own original way.   Thanks!
  who is your favourite celebrity Apprentice winner?  I have many!
  Why don't you retire and spend your money?  Too boring!
This George Zimmerman is really a mess - he really has to just disappear! (He attacked his wife last night).
  what time dose your days start? 4 or 5 A.M.!
  should be elected for president of the world. The man speak great sense about world problems!! 
  do those jobs provide health insurance?  Yes
  empires rise and empires fall I just hope as a black man I'm dead b4 ours falls
  did u get boo d at the us Open last night?  No
   Arsenio
I'll be going to the Old Post Office Building on Pennsylvania Avenue in D.C. today. Will create one of world's great hotels. Lots of jobs!
   Syria is a complex and dynamic situation. No one would expect you to comprehend it. Nor Obama! So true
  How old were you when you decided what you wanted to do with your life?  18.
     would you lend him $10? 98% of people wouldn't. No
  personally I would ignore Toure everybody else does. He is not relevant
Do you believe what is going on in Washington with respect to Syria - these people don't have a clue!
  He is not smart enough to understand!
   just curious Toure
   LOL! Way to go Trump!brilliant and funny! Double threat guy!
  Why does a network allow a stupid racist like Toure to stay on the air when his ratings are so abysmal! Can there be only one reason
 Why does  always insist on calling ppl names and trying to taunt like a kid in a schoolyard? Only stupid people
Icahn
   Mr. Trump how is Toure a racist? I just don't see it. Not enough people watch him to know!
  Dumb as a rock Toure doesn't have a clue about money or anything else-merely a simpleton racist.Really bad ratings
 If you weren't such a dumb racist moron with bad ratings you would know I never filed for bankruptcy
It is hard to fail
So much for global warming. Earth is cooling at a record pace Our economy is in trouble. The unemployed are more likely to drop out of the workforce than find a job. We need growth and now!
Iraq has granted Iran full air rights to fly over and arm Syria. What did America accomplish with the Iraq war? And now Syria?!
This week will mark the 1 year anniversary of the attack in Benghazi that left 4 Americans dead.  No answers!
Now Obama has set red line 2 with demand that Assad hands over Syrias chemical weapons or it will face an attack.
Congratulations to  on her superb  win.  She is terrific!
Downtown Manhattans trendiest hotel
Adopt the Arts campaign at  ensures that an underfunded public school has music and arts programs _Easy ErnieYou are doing a great job with  to help. See you at Trump National
 Lots of fun on  with  and 


Don't attack Syria - an attack that will bring nothing but trouble for the U.S. Focus on making our country strong and great again!
Why are we fighting for the rebels that hate us-only to save face for Obama!
Doing Fox &amp; Friends at 7 A.M.
   Hopefully Donald Trumps fate is to be a very old
_A_Smith  thoughts on Geno??  He played great
  Jags GM stated he would not take Tebow
  What is your opinion on Tebow? Was destroyed at Jets-GREAT GUY-should have gone to Jacksonville!
Also
  Watch Donald
Tony Romo just made a great play-Giants are getting killed!
Great comeback by Tom Brady-New England!
The New York Giants are looking really bad so far tonight. Does not get much worse than this!
  visited your Winery in Charlottesville VA today. Amazing!  Thanks.
  you are my inspiration
   I'm in the states next week and whenever I am there I always buy Trump shirts and ties. I luv em
   yup. Trump line rocks. The ties are impeccable ! Thanks DT.
_mkw10  when will u decide if you are going to run in 2016? Got to love the Trump brand but Trump presidency best!
  Bought 5 Trump shirts for husband today. So sophisticated! Hope u run for president. Thanks and enjoy!
_  speaks nothing but the truth
   wears ua line of  too even if you don't agree wit his  style!  Very cute.
 I may not always agree with  statements.. But he does have a good looking line of shirts and ties
   
   YOU ROCKED IT! MADE MY DAY!! ENJOY YOUR SUNDAY MR TRUMP! ) ) )  Thanks!
Doing a commercial for - lots of fun!    what a coarse
 PresObama is not busy talking to Congress about Syria..he is playing golf ...go figure
_69  You have my vote and I'm a Democrat!(Albeit a Conservative one)  Thanks Joe.
   You need both
_rad1432    ????  Could happen!
Do you notice that nobody is talking about the many scandals of the Obama administration anymore - The Teflon President!
 I think  should run office for one day. Then maybe some stuff would get set straight. The right way. Thank you!
  Trump For President 2016 !!! Thanks!
  I just bought one of your shirts for a business trip
  give me an update on Anthony Weiner ??  He's finished!
  The Quality is the best. A+.
  Tomorrow morning I will be sporting my Trump Collection
 Great!
  Where can I find more Trump ties...they are the best ties I've ever owned  At Trump Tower - 57th &amp; Fifth.
  I have the cuff links!!!! They single handedly got me a job!!
  We really don't need your shirts
  You forgot to mention the stylish cufflinks.  True - people love them - thanks!
  My DJT Collection men's wallet from 's lasted me many years. Loved that wallet
_Lover26   damn right just bought one lookin fresh!  Great!
 Do you wear your brand from 's? RT   YES!
   I got a suit and 3 ties from you  Great Joe!
   your apparel is the first thing I look at when I go to the mall!  Thanks - you have good taste!
   Great looking couple-good to have him back!
 love stracciatella and strawberry ice cream from   My shirts
 Oh
_83  is the man
 Can I get a RT from  for getting three of the best looking shirts     I want him to do a great job but he can't.
   Trump will do or say anything.  But Toure (why only one name?) is just a very dumb racist-bad ratings!
President Obama
Isn't it intetesting that anybody who attacks President Obama is considered a racist by the real racists out there!
   can you imagine serious people comparing modern warfare to a football game?  ACTUALLY YES!
  I'm addicted to your books. Are you writing another any time soon?  At some point
 saw  on a video in history yesterday... made my day   Thanks
Speaking of our very stupid war with Iraq
  Thank you
  Could you imagine Bill Belichek broadcasting to Tom Coughlin exactly when and where he was going to blitz?
  you need to make a run  Time will tell!
  if only Japan had the same courtesy Dec 1941  They should have told us they were coming like us with Syria!
I'm a Republican but not a fan of the last George Bush-he also was a lousy President (Iraq etc.). In fact
Former President Jimmy Carter is so happy that he is no longer considered the worst President in the history of the United States!
Syria has been given so much time that much of the things we were going to bomb have been moved into civilian areas! A polititian's war.
Just watching NBC News where our potential attack is being detailed-the exact ships
 Thx RT  Well done
  Huntingtons Disease is a terminal and genetic illness.Please retweet If Syria was forced to use Obamacare they would self-destruct without a shot being fired. Obama should sell them that idea!
When we have big disasters
  We should send Obama and Congress to Syria!
Any political leader who wont face the future head on is putting the American Dream at risk.  The America We Deserve
Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you. -  Thomas Jefferson
Obama is not a leader
Many of the Syrian rebels are radical jihadi Islamists who are murdering Christians. Why would we ever fight with them?
Via  by Hannah Sampson BLT Prime coming to Trumps Doral resort No surprise. Woman being cited by Kerry &amp; McCain on Syrian rebels is a paid consultant of the rebels The historic $250M renovations at  are moving on pace. Once complete
Remember the golden rule of negotiating He who has the gold makes the rules.  Midas Touch
 It's sad that  knows more about politics than our politicians
I am not angry at Russia (or China) because their leaders are far smarter than ours. We need real leadership
I wonder how much our leaders have promised
Really bad news just announced concerning jobs. Far fewer jobs created in August than anticipated. Interest rates
We don't have the leadership
Did you ever see a situation so ridiculous as our President explaining what
  Well quit yapping about and run for office. I like your ideas. DO IT!!
  TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT!!!   Thanks.
  I wish you'd run for office. The country needs more minds like yours.  Thank you.
  In this case
 Why is Sierra Club not speaking up for the birds slain by turbines? MUST READ from biologist The terrorists in Syria are calling themselves REBELS and getting away with it because our leaders are so         completely stupid!
  You're a pussy shut up and stop crying  show is funny  No
We should not attack Syria but if they make the stupid move to do so
If you plan for the worst  if you can live with the worst  the good will always take care of itself.  The Art of the Deal
... while a 300ft turbine in Ardrossan
In January '12
Russia is sending a fleet of ships to the Mediterranean. Obamas war in Syria has the potential to widen into a worldwide conflict.
A 40mph gust of wind wrecked a wind turbine in Scotland All former Bush administration officials should have zero standing on Syria. Iraq was a waste of blood &amp; treasure.
Must read via  by  Congress Should Vote No on Syria If President Obama was going to attack Syria
That would mean that Eliot Spitzer has failed at everything he's donepolitics
It will be interesting to see what happens to Eliot Spitzer if he loses the election for Comptroller to very capable .
I have just lost my beautiful &amp; elegant long time exec. assistant  Norma Foerderer. She passed away yesterday  a truly magnificent woman.
AGAIN
  have you seen the video of the rebel commander cutting out and eating the Syrian soldiers heart &amp; liver!!
While everyone is waiting and prepared for us to attack Syria
If you look at the horrible picture on the front page of the NY Times of the rebels executing prisoners
Tell Congress to straighten out the many problems of our country before trying to be the policemen to the world. Make America great again!
  god your the best Mr. Trump!  I like you tooooo!
  haha I love how you just tell like it is! You aren't who you are by not doing just that! Thank you!
The only reason President Obama wants to attack Syria is to save face over his very dumb RED LINE statement. Do NOT attack Syria
President Obama put himself in a very bad position when he talked about Syria crossing the RED LINE. Amazingly
  haha I love how you just tell like it is! You aren't who you are by not doing just that!
  you would make such a good president Thank you!
_in_80s  hell yeah! Dammit I love the frankness and brutal honesty of  ! It is the only way!
_Valin   Thank you.
     think its time for The Donald to make a Surprise visit to  Speak to Vince!
 Very true!
  inspires me soo much  Great!
  Did you enjoy the experience you had with   Yes
_Valmont   lmao.. What about his tattoos? Do you like those?  NO!
_Lowry_ Idc what anyone says  is the man  Very nice!
_Valmont  when is  gonna pay you? That is a very good question! His only good song is Donald Trump.
  do u like Lettermans show?  Yes
  Why do you think you're so polarizing?  Because I like to be-it often times brings out the truth!
Is Anthony Weiner a jerk or what!
Jay Leno and his people are constantly calling me to go on his show. My answer is always no because his show sucks. They love my ratings!
 I wish I could go on Jay's show so badly! Real quote from  Real quote is I wish they would stop calling
  Send it to me in New York
  u mad because  doesn't want u on his show? He begs me to go on his show-done it many times loser!
   just turned off Jay!  I can't watch him anymore
_worldwide  you need to go on  to bash Jay Leno. Howard hates him too  Howard is right on Leno-Jay is over
  you have more followers than they ( ) do. So true
Appreciate your property
I hear this moron  said nasty things about me (hair etcboring) on the terminated  show. Stupid guy/bad ratings!
Ive always defended  but he never defends me. He's not a loyal person &amp; I now understand why everybody dumped him. Jay sucks!
To keep momentum
With the signature services of Trump Attach
  Thanks.
 Thanks.
Happy New Year to all of my Jewish friends and supporters. Shana Tova. Hopefully it will be a great year!
. must stay focused on defunding ObamaCare and the impending budget battle. Dont let Syria rule the agenda.
. had a flawless  quarterfinal win last night. Shes a great player and a wonderful person.
Many Syrian rebels are radical Jihadis. Not our friends &amp; supporting them doesn't serve our national interest. Stay out of Syria!
.'s book Emily Gets Her Gun exposes the attack on our Second Amendment Congratulations to  on winning  TV Personality Of The Year. Piers deserves his success!
  Thanks.
 Soon.
                  

_Dorris    never tell your enemy when where and how you are going to hit them!
  If two of your competitors were at war
   Just finished 'art of the deal'
  you realize that is what Iran wants
For all of those fools that want to attack Syria
What I am saying is stay out of Syria.
The great GENERALS MacArthur and Patton
  mr trump would attack Syria or no?  No
  I just love ur way of thinking and analyzing things
  can General Dempsey tell Obama delaying Syria bombardment will have no consequences?  He's no Patton!
  If u r so disappointed at Obama why don't u run for president in 2016!  Watch!
  is the kind of president we need!  True!
  mr trump for president  Thank you!
 Make an appearance ! We would love to host you at the USC   Thanks!
From the great author of Rich Dad
Representing your own brand yourself is the best way to go. If you cant sell it
Elections have consequences. Obama just published final regulations for ObamaCares individual mandate _holly  Great!
  Thanks.
How can General Martin Dempsey tell Obama that delaying the Syria bombardment will have no consequences? He is no Patton or MacArthur.
A big key to winning is knowing where the other side is coming from.  Think Like a Champion
I am giving away money. Check the crowdfunding site  China
Enjoy the ratings of President Obama. I applaud Columbia
  why the hell are you always criticising Obama  Because he is doing a terrible
President Obama's Arab Spring is not looking so good right now!
_Blowa If the government just listened to  this country would be so much better!
  But if we had a Republican President you would say the exact opposite right?  Wrong!
Think of it
If the U.S. attacks Syria and hits the wrong targets
Our country is looking very bad right now!
  trump tower here in Chicago is such an impressive building and architecturally really fits in with the area
  Your thoughts on Bill De Blasio for Mayor...  I predicted two years ago that he would win!
  If you ever become president of the US
_Lizz  I am surprised Weiner is so delusional to think that he still has a shot! should seek help.
    james franco is prettier than donald trump But I get better ratings!
 I hope  runs for president. For obvious reasons.
  Donald have you noticed how so many people want you to run? Amazing. I think you will win handily.  Thanks!
_itsTracy  run for prime minster in the uk and first minister in scotland....we could use your help Cute!
_Tiger I realize what a mess we're in by watching ...then I read  tweets...like a breath of fresh airThanks
  I LOVE YOU DJT SR FOR PRESIDENT 2016!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Thanks!
  when you are president will you be able to bring back hope
   After Arsenio won Celebrity Apprentice he told me
   Agree completely!! Mr. Trump for President!  Thanks!
  Glad to find you thank you for your philanthropic work
Eliot Spitzer has failed at everything he has ever done
Each time I see one of Anthony Weiner's television ads for mayor I ask
  actually  should be a first guest to show     Thanks for your nice remark!
 
 Roast of  will be the best one since   OK
  with all due respect
  - it's so bad there are actually maps of targets now in  &amp; where USA ships would attack from.
  Thanks!
In war
  That's the plan. Have you ever seen such a clueless leader in all your life? I am stunned daily.
  you should be our next President. This country would be in much better shape if you would have run in 2012!True
 Why isn't  president instead of Obama ??  That is truly a good question!
We have given Syria so much time and information-there has never been such an instance in wartime history. Syria is now fully prepared!
Why isn't the Arab League paying for everything and sending troops? They want us to do their dirty work with no involvement by themselves!
The Arab League stated that it wants nothing to do with an attack on Syria
  Any chance you'll change your mind and run for President?   Time will tell!
   How would you treat the Syria situation if president ? I'd let them all fight with each other-focus on US!
 I've always looked up to . Business and Politics! He's the man!  Thank you!
_huebner  My son Joey survived leukemia. He is is now 13. Thank you Make-a-Wish and NCCF for everything they did.
It is truly amateur hour at the White House - and this is why we should not be doing the war thing right now!
   So true!
  
President Obama's weakness and indecision may have saved us from doing a horrible and very costly (in more ways than money) attack on Syria!
   Good luck.
_fel  You always have something negative to say about Obama 
  You have real talent!
  just bought some beautiful Trump cuff links   Great!
  Happy birthday.
 Thank you.
  wondering if u know or care that tomorrow begins childhood cancer awareness month.
  - Donald you are anti-Obama no matter what Obama does
  Obviously amateur hour at the WH. Obama was unqualified when he ran and remains so.
  he's no Churchill.   He might not even be Jimmy Carter!
 Just from reading his tweets
Did anyone notice that Obama failed to get a coalition of other countries to go along with us. He couldn't even get Britain! NO LEADERSHIP.
   Thank you.
  can't say Obama doesn't know how to throw a polite war!  General Patton would not be happy right now!
  I'm scared for my future.  You should be!
Be prepared
China is already preparing to benefit economically from this mess. They will pick up the pieces and make yet another fortune-&amp; laugh at us!
Obama now just wants to save face
Who are our generals that are allowing this fiasco to happen right before our eyes. Call it the PLENTY OF NOTICE WAR
  may be many things
Syria has prepared for an attack based on all of our talk - they have moved targeted ammunition and supplies to new locations.Amazing!
For the first time in the history of military operations a country has broadcast what
The President must get Congressional approval before attacking Syria-big mistake if he does not!
  if trump was POTUS we would have all the money we need!  2016   That's true!
  the president of Syria is killing people inhumanly  But the so called rebels may be just as bad (or worse)!
  I usually agree with you
   I would be totally surprised if the US even HAS any money to spend on Syria!! We don't!
   We need a strong minded POTUS in office before we enter into another war.
  what would you do - give a solution vs being so critical?.!.  I would make America great again!
  for once the UK has seen sense and not been dragged into this. They were
  he's to soft of a president  Incompetent would be a better word!
  Not to mention we probably don't have the money to spend on another long war!!  So true!
How bad has our leader made us look on Syria. Stay out of Syria
If Obama attacks Syria and innocent civilians are hurt and killed
Is everyone seeing how incompetently our country is being run by watching the mess with Syria? Our leaders don't know what they are doing!
The ratings of The Cycle on MSNBC
 Happy Birthday Deborah.
It's not that I'm so smart
Dress for success. The Donald J. Trump Signature Collection
  A talk show is an amazing idea- so many would love to see you do it...your insight on a daily basis? what a gift!
Pervert Weiner is dead in his race for mayor of NYC but WOW
  how do you know those kids will never work?  I know!
So
   You could do it in your sleep and still make more sense than these other morons. Thanks.
  talk shows are stale! But a daily look at the inside wheeling and dealing of the Trump Org. Exciting!
  So true!
  A talk show is a great idea. Please make the time sir. The country needs you now more than ever.
  A talk show would be the perfect arena for you Mr. Trump. Ratings would soar through the roof! But no time!
  You should have your own talk show.  Networks and many have asked
  Bought a poster frame from my Wal-Mart store today
 Could be argued that  may or may not be a horrible person
  Interesting and thanks!
  Do you ever get sad?  I don't have the time!
  Thanks Ben.
  I agree
I hope everyone read the brilliant article in American Spectator about leightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman. He should be run out of office!
In that  has  with really dumb racist  Bryant Gumbel(and I mean dumb)
 . I disdain you with every fiber of my being.  Thank you!
    were the best! This country needs you to speak up for what is going right and wrong!
  I'm a prof salesman
   today I received many compliments from wearing shirt and tie outfit  Great!
  love Macy's !  I agree!
People are really liking the new ties and shirts 's-they are amazing and selling great!
  agreed
Sometimes you have to take a half step back to take two forward. - 
Via  by Lauren Odomirok Trump
 A message for my hotel guest
     Thanks Dan.
 True.
 Thanks.
What a shame that  ratings have sunk even lower in 2013. Prime time down 50%. 's are (cont) What will we get for bombing Syria besides more debt and a possible long term conflict? Obama needs Congressional approval.
Congress must protect our borders first. Amnesty should be done only if the border is secure and illegal immigration has stopped.
Thx MarkI appreciate your words about the school. You sound like you're doing wellhappy for you.  _Gil  are you planning to visit Uruguay as soon as Punta del Este Tower is done? I'd like to get my books signed.Y
                     

  Thanks!
                   

If Christian Bale turned down $50M to return as Batman he should have his head examined. What was he thinking?!
The Yankees are sure lucky George Steinbrenner is not around. A lot of people would be losing their jobs.
Via  by Jeffrey Lord Is Eric Schneiderman a Crook?  What a great writer &amp; researcheramazing story. Wow
_world  Tanjanever give up!
The United States needs to fix its own problems
Let the Arab League take care of Syria. Why are these rich Arab countries not paying us for the tremendous cost of such an attack?
If we are going to continue to be stupid and go into Syria (watch Russia)
I wonder what the great generals like Patton
_3ssaf   No
  the one who talks much
_   Why Obama is giving up the element of surprise in Syria Perhaps because he is stupid?
   a few billion more dollars
That said
Why do we keep broadcasting when we are going to attack Syria. Why can't we just be quiet and
I give the President's speech a 7 on the scale of 0 to 10! Not bad but room for improvement!
Why would anyone think Obama would attack Syria the day of his speech in Washington. He doesn't want to detract from his press &amp; glory.
 One day I hope to be successful &amp; a bit controversial like  ...keeping things interesting &amp; classy Go for it!
_  Actually
_bobby  what was racist about that story?  The story wasn't racist
  Jeff has been battling cancer for years. Huge fan and Trump supporter
  I'm going to keep tweeting and annoying you until you run for president.  That's OK with me!
  Bill Gates has nothing on Donald Trump. 
 What an awful piece on  about  HBO should be ashamed.   Very dishonest piece by racist Gum
   Donald makes you happy. .thats good ..we need something to make us happy with this President.
  is officially the person I look up to!   Thanks.
  So true
 Have the Arab League do it and pay for it.
 Thanks.
  I will!
                     

  Thanks La Toya!
 Happy Birthday Bernice.
  True.
            

Do not settle for remaining in your comfort zone. Being complacent is a good way to get nowhere. Take control and move forward every day.
A general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him. -   Gen. Douglas MacArthur
. and  discussing my case on  You owe it to yourself and to your community to make your property the best it can be.  Think Like a Billionaire
The misery of Obamas economic policies. US households with unemployed parent was at record high in 2011 Remember
Congratulations to  on The Liberty Amendments debuting at  on the NY Times bestseller list. Must read!
Congrats to  on making  first cut. Stay strong and positive! We are all rooting for you.
Josh8J4                   

Young entrepreneurs  in an economic climate like this only the strong survive. You can do it. Think Big!
Watch  FoxNews 
Via  WSOC_TV Blair Miller talks with Donald Trump about Charlotte ventures  Interesting.
                 

                     

  Great!
 Thanks Terry.
  Thanks Peter.
I have a dream that our country will be great again! 
  dam right. Let them fight among themselves. Save our men and women's lives. Save our money. None of our bus.
_that_actor  Col Peters is right. When our adversaries r at war w each other
   Thanks for your support - I greatly enjoyed your comments on The Five the other day. Best wishes!
As I predicted long ago
 I think 's book
  in Chicago for the first time
 Hey  .. your getting bashed by  about the lawsuit! RevAl is just conning his way through life!
Via   Talks Hamptons Lifestyle with Emmy Rossum Kate is donating a  to her husband . legal analyst &amp; former prosecutor  destroyed hack Schneidermans suit on  yesterday.Shes very sharp!
See  on the cover of ? View the digital edition There has been a systematic targeting of the Tea Party by the Obama administration. Now Schneiderman goes after me. No coincidence.
The lightweight hack Schneiderman told Ivanka that the case is weak and more.  Meets with Obama &amp; then files one day later.
Has AG Schneiderman been extorting his targets and their lawyers for contributions? We will find out.
  Very cool
_q  Thanks.
_murphy13                   
d_murphy13
I hope the NY tax payer appreciates the millions Schneiderman is about to waste on a small case. I will litigate to victory.
See Schneiderman admit he spoke with Obama about ongoing investigations. Thug Politics. Lightweight hack Schneiderman meets with Obama on Thursday
  Thank you.
My  int. destroying Schneidermans frivolous suit which he brought after meeting Obama on Thurs. Via  Trump Attorney general behind lawsuit a 'total lightweight'  Via  by Jeffrey Lord New Obama Scandal Erupts Trump Targeted   Interesting!
  I don't think he can!
Via  Trumps new course plans on display Why isnt AG Schneiderman going after Democrat Jon Corzine and the $1.4 billion that is missing?
Amazing! AG Schneiderman sues a school w/ a 98% approval rating but doesnt go after billion $ fraudsters all over Wall St.
I really enjoyed doing the show circuit this AM discussing lightweight AG Eric Schneiderman &amp; the terrible job he has done for NY.
Gov. Cuomo's Moreland Comm should be looking at AG Schneiderman shaking down those under investigation/ in litigation for campaign $$$
Fox and Friends
  Since the Art of the Deal you have been an inspiration to me!  Thanks.
   I've taken a few of the classes on line. Thought they were very good.
Wow
 Schneidean is in trouble. History shows that  will publicly lambaste this guy to the point of surrender.
   Lawsuit against Trump University is without a doubt -political.
  
  I wish there were more people in the world like you. Thanks for all you do. Your an awesome person. Thanks
  Corzine is a evil schemer who stole 1.4 billion. Trump starts a University to help people get rich &amp; he's bad!
  as for  I have ONLY ever heard GREAT things from former students. Don't sweat it!
What did our very stupid &amp; ineffective A.G. Eric Schneidean
After years of long stops then starts
How can an Attorney General ask for campaign contributions during his evaluation of a case - a total sleazebag!
Why did lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman come to my office on numerous occasions begging for campaign contributions? Also
Why is it that Eric Schneiderman is considered a lightweight by so many and has failed to go after Jon Corzine and big abusers for billions?
Why did failing A.G. Eric Schneiderman
Lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman
   Thank you.
 Eric Schneiderman trying to get himself an image as a strong man is suing . Bad choice
 Trump University Liberal Witch Hunt I hope they lose
  attended Tax Lien Tax Seminar Trump University. Changed my life!!! Able to open my own company Scheer Group
  Wipe the floor with him Mr Trump !
  extortion was the first thing that came to mind when i saw the report for the lawsuit. You can sue!
Lightweight NYS Attorney General Eric Schneiderman is trying to extort me with a civil law suit. See website   Thanks
  I will make this known
 maybe ill go to Macy's and buy a  shirt and tie combination for my cousins wedding
   Sir Nick is not only a great player
  Happy birthday!
For all of those who have been asking about online sales
 Trump family- final week of 's show-  is terrific!   those are the ppl that can't handle the truth. Great job at forcing his hand like only The Trump can do!!!
 Amazing service from  - great job  You're hired! All future  business trips.
 Had an amazing stay at the Trump in Chicago this past weekend Thanks  
   Great Jason!
 Thanks!
         


Anyway
John McCain couldnt get him to release it and neither could Hillary Clintonbut Donald did!
People should be proud of the fact that I got Obama to release his birth certificate
Why are people upset w/ me over Pres Obamas birth certificate?I got him to release it
To keep your momentum going you must have intrinsic values as well as monetary values. Know when to give back.  Think Big
With the whacko pervert Weiner about to be embarrassed
   Thanks!
If Stop &amp; Frisk is struck down by the pandering NYC politicians
  Thanks.
  Thanks
   Thanks!
Time flies its  30th anniversary. To celebrate we made this video highlighting its amazing history-  I like you too.
 Thanks!
One of Obamas greatest failures will be his legacy of making millions completely dependent on government handouts
Via  by  TRUMP NY MAG AILES STORY 'TOTAL BULLS**T' Via  Images of Donald Trumps 2nd North-east golf course released Public have say on images  Re Miss Universe Pageant
 Thank you John.
  please can you RT? Little Mackenzie needs lifesaving treatment urgently and time is running out fast.
 Roger Ailes never called me about your piece on him Gabriel. He is a very smart and secure guy who doesn't need help from me
  What was up with Bryant Gumbel's cheap shot on you on HBO? He's a really dumb
  You're an inspiration for a young entrepreneur
  huge supporter of your political beliefs!  Donald!  I will!
  will there be a new season of Celebrity Apprentice?  YES!
  A better answer would have been Yes come up with a great idea and have others work their ass off.  That too
_ana97 If  runs for president in 2016
  do you think Gumbel wrote that closing remark or ? Bryant isn't smart enough (dumb as a rock)
  my 1st book report in 5th grade was on The Art of the Deal ~1988.  Great
  what do you think is the best industry to get into for a young college student about to graduate?ENERGY!
  What do you think should be done about Gun Control in the US?All good folks that have a gun should control it!
 Mr  do you have any advice for a young entrepreneur? Yes
  what do u think about the new news Competitor Aljazeera America  I don't!
  there is zero chance u get elected but u r a very powerful indorcer  Wrong and correct!
 Is  still feuding with ?  Who's Danny Zuker?
_that_actor  Donald
Leadership is perhaps the key to getting any job done.  The Art of The Deal
Donald Trump to Chris Christie Dont hire  With Democrats Spitzer
  Happy Birthday!
Its Wednesday.  How many times will A-Rod sue the  today?  A-Rod has no one to blame but himself for his predicament.
Congress must defund ObamaCare.  It is destroying Medicare and breaking promises to our Seniors
.  Heatwave in Scotland makes wind turbines useless. Big problem
NYC politicians better stop panderingending stop &amp; frisk would be a disaster. No Question' Violent Crime Will Rise If Program (Stop &amp; Frisk) Is Stopped - _POLICE Commissioner Ray Kelly
_GMP             

         

  And so have many others.
Glad to see that the Egyptian Army is releasing Mubarek. As we see
Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach is one of the most exclusive &amp; elite clubs in the world w/award winning amenities Via  by Ann-Marie Parry Plans revealed for course named after Trumps mother Had a great time on  last night.  Greta always does great interviews.
The hatchet job in  about Roger Ailes is total bullshit. He is the ultimate winner who is surrounded by a great team. 
. If a country wants to rapidly destroy its economy
  Christopher Lane   we would like to create a LL field in Chris Lanes honour at his home club.
  Why does Fox continue to bring on Karl Rove?  A total waste of airtime-spent over $400 million and not 1 win!
  Thank you donald! tHis country needs you! Please run in 2016! Busines is what America is failing at!
  I read on Wikipedia that you and Bryant Gumbel were roommates in college. No
  is able to see through all the garbage in our society. Wish more had the ability.
  Bryant is the wanna be Greg Gumbel lol keep up the great tweets Trump!  Greg is far more talented than Bryant.
  Congrats on becoming a  . It can be argued that you are the reason Wreslemania was so Succesful
  Who plays more golf
  I had no idea Bryant Gumbel was still on TV. Another issue of someone using you to gain a little relevancy
  Damn
  Who is Bryant Gumbel? A racist dope with a long and deep record of failure!
_Fox_News  Doesn't  have better things to do
You must admit that Bryant Gumbel is one of the dumbest racists around - an arrogant dope with no talent. Failed at CBS etc-why still on TV?
_patriot_3888 - Why isnt mainstream media all over this like Trayvon Martin story?Will there be justice for Chris Lane?
 Great job on  Mr. Trump!  
  I wonder where al Sharpton or anyone for that matter is after the murder in Duncan
  Who does Bryant Gumbel think he's messing with?? He's such a condescending jerk! And a no talent racist!
GRETA IN A FEW MINUTES-on Fox.
 .Doing Greta tonight at 10 on Fox-enjoy!
 Truethanks!
  Mitt
I have a very strict gun control policy if there's a gun around
I will be doing Greta Van Susteren  tonight at 10 PM on Fox News
ObamaCare is an absolute disaster which will destroy 16% of the economy and ultimately more!
Its Tuesday.  How many terrible predictions and advice will Karl 1.6% Rove make today?
NYC is under constant threat from Jihadists &amp; violent criminals. Stop &amp; Frisk keeps streets &amp; subways safe.Stand strong Ray Kelly
Our country needs to reestablish the work ethic. In NY
. did a horrible job for Mittis a refund in order? Sadly
With  expected to represent  in the Presidential race
. As someone well versed in job creation and the Private Sector
Our great project in South America
Chicago is a shooting disaster-they should immediately go to STOP AND FRISK. They have no choice
_Anti_Fox  _POLICE if Donald were stopped &amp; frisked he would raise hell and whine about his civil rights!  No way!
_Anti_Fox  _POLICE then Donald will be OK being stopped and frisked 3 times a week
   Thank you.
_Anwar whenever I feel down and feel like giving up I simple go to  twitter page.
_TJOHNSON   Thanks
   Interesting!
 Thanks!
 So true!
_Smoooth Great place- thanks!
 Thanks!
 Thanks!
Tomorrow hopes we have learned something from yesterday. - John Wayne
Obamas own gun study proves gun control is ineffective ._POLICE Commissioner Ray Kelly has done a top job keeping NYC safe. Stop &amp; Frisk has been a critical tool for the NYPD.
Be sure to check  to see my picks   Opinion on Egypt-   Mr Trump my girlfriend and I just getting booked up for your hotel in soho. Looking forward to a great stay.
   Very cute!
So
 I love when  tells everyone the truth about America. 
  Our infrastructure is crumbling!And we owe 17 trillion dollars!
Re-build the United.States not places that hate our country and everything we stand for!
Let the Arab countries take care of Egypt-they have more to gain and plenty of money..It's time for the U.S. to stop being stupid.NO DOLLARS
 Yes
    Meanwhile
  you are so right as usual. You should run but it be a big pay cut. You are what we need. Thank you!
  Just wanted to say that I love my Donald J. Trump dress shirts. By far most comfortable and best! Macy's
   Obama wanted Mubarak out and his pals from Muslim brotherhood in. As usual what he does is a disaster
_Dobbs  You ROCK Mr.Trump!!!!   Thanks.
  Do you think White House is doing enough about Egypt?  They don't know what they are doing.- not even close!
  off to your lovely Aberdeen golf club tomorrow.  Just got ranked number one by Golf Week Mag. - enjoy it!
_mob  determination made you who you are?  A very important element toward anyone's success!
  After you become our next President - NO ONE will take advantage of this country again.
_ haha I think it's cute how my sister likes Donald trump   Tell your sister I think she's great!
_Mozek  My mind would explode with happiness if Donald Trump was elected president.
  - It's not a great country now? No
 But really tho if  was president omg I want that so bad
  .. Can't wait for you to be president of the United State..  -And what a great country it would be!
We must leave stop and frisk for A-Rod and Anthony Weiner!
  can you put out a shout for aberdeen football club today as big game Good luck
   DJT preserved the American dream after defeating president Chelseas mother Hillary in 2016
  I cannot wait until your building opens in Vancouver! It's gonna be a GREAT addition to our downtown core.
  .. Can't wait for you to be president of the United State..   And our Country would be great.again! Thanks.
  Visited Chicago 4 1st time and saw your fantastic addition to skyline. Amazing and locals call it a success!
  what's the J. stand for?  John.
  For a long time I thought you were so nasty. Now after reading your tweets I changed my mind. Great!
 All is well between me and . We wear big boy pants. Mine happens to be camo.  Great Jase!
_ According to  &amp; the people at Ms Universe Pageant they never asked  to host this years pageant
 Donald Trump will always be Mac Miller's best song
For all of those who have been asking about online sales
Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success.  Dale Carnegie
Keep an open mindbusiness is a creative endeavor. Strive for innovative ideas.
See problems as a mind exercise. Enjoy the challenge-and remember to keep focused on your goals.
  Work hard
My motto is Never give up. I follow this very strictly. I do not let problems and challenges stop me; they are normal.
  you've got the vote of most Americans who want to see our great country re-stored to be the greatest country!
  We need someone with a clue
  we need a true leader to guide this great nation. Will you please answer the call? You have my vote Thank you
  Sad Day for Atlantic city was the day you packed it in. The town jumped when you were there. Major loss.
 Real Wind Turbines Twitter / DanScavino  here is a ...  It's called  for President!  There's only one way out of this tepid economy.
  your mother was such a pretty lady! True
  What can I do to help Donald J. Trump get elected to be President of the USA? Just sit tight-thanks!
  It would be an honor to our nation if you would be our President! Thank you for your confidence!
Obama' ststement on Egypt was terrible and dumb-now being used by military as a rallying cry-our foreign policy is worst in U.S. history.
  mr. Trump
Cant wait for  follow up  piece discussing my large Sunday news shows ratings win because of my interview!
NIELSEN RATINGS 1.
My interview with  w/ destroyed all Sunday competition w/ 2.52M total viewersthats why they want me on!
.  See photo 

Myself with mother and father at New York Military Academy. See
Good communicators control space.  Roger Ailes
My _Media int. with  on my Iowa  speech
 Thanks.
. HOUSE LEADERSHIP  ESTABLISH SELECT COMMITTEE ON BENGHAZI. THERE IS A MASSIVE COVERUP.
   Thanks.
                

   Great!
  So nice
  Thanks Amie.
Fact without Texas and states reaping the fracking boom
Mark Levin's  'The Liberty Amendments Restoring the American Republic is a truly great &amp; important book.
  Who knows?
  Thanks Kelsey.
  Thanks.
   Thanks Dan.
740 Park Avenue is being robbed all over the placewe come down hard on thieves at Trump buildings.
 Where is the money ?               

_abirpatel  Midas Touch
  Love Ivankas Style....Simply Classic &amp; Beautiful &amp; Very Smart DDD Kisses  True!
_Colts_Fan  if President
_Watson  never actually considered running for President. All a publicity stunt    WRONG!
  We all think presidents have so much control but everyone answers to someone  Ours answers only to Michelle!
   she did good. Trump could if he can talk in a way that everyone can understand. Just like Reagan.
  Very nice
 When Donald Trump talks
   Carl
  My honor
  Thanks!
 Thanks!
   Thanks!
   Great!
  stop talking and run in 2016! If your name is on that ballot
 Went shopping today for a wedding i have coming up got me  everything  Great
_14   Once again
   Great picture
_that_actor  Clear path to WH in '16. Americans very dissatisfied not just w economy but decline in CULTURE. U R only1
  just caught your interview on  on my DVR. Always love hearing you speak! Thanks!
Things happen that make you question whether you should keep going. As long as you are enjoying what you are doing
Congrats  on  raising $1M on 
In Miami tracking  $250M renovations. Will be America's top resort.  just signed for 10 yr ext. Dont be easily pleased with yourself or with anything else. Be tough &amp; fight to keep your standards high. -Think Like a Champion
 Great
When your brand begins to build
Republicans have very strong hand in their fight against Obamacare-lets see if they are willing and able to play it tuff!
Looks like Anthony Weiner Is through-most recent poll has him deeply in last place. GOOD NEWS
  sir
_b  Pls help highlight and RT Protect Blackdog Welcome to the Protect Blackdog Blog!
 The fact that  is considering a presidential run makes me so excited
  Great job on Greta tonight! I am a huge fan and you really inspire me!  Thank you.
_Williams91  if you're president 
  Great interview on Greta. Can I tell you that I think that you are awesome? Thank you!
  C'mon
  if you ran for president you have my vote. Get this economy back on track!
  _Titone I think he'll lead the polls like last time- it will be a healthy victory for Trump
_Titone If  runs in 2016 he will be hard to beat;
  you should be the President of MY country
If it doesn't sell
More on Benghazi cover up ATTORNEY FOR WHISTLEBLOWER 400 U.S. MISSILES STOLEN IN BENGHAZI Obama has exempted businesses
I will be on Greta  tonight at 10 PM on Fox News.
Re  TimeWarner
I missed the PGA Championship because it was not broadcast by TimeWarner . Why arent they giving subscribers major discounts?
. refuted every point Karl 1.6% Rove made on the need to defund ObamaCare.Must listen The Patch
Congrats to  of   for exposing Jason Linkins of  as a lightweight dope who gives false information.
  Wow
Still a buyers market but somewhat fragile.  Be sure to calculate the risk of rising rates coming sooner than you think!
. is the Windy City's sole skyscraper to feature a 4 star hotel
   I agree is going down with  and Patch &amp;  hates Tim Armstrong.
                

 Thanks.
   So true! Just a business tool used by the best! Ask Carl
_Patrick    Deal donetoo late dopey!
         

_Wilhelm                 

  Thanks.
Good.morning
 Donald Trump is a boss. Always Trumpin' people...and Trumpin' the competition. Love it. 
_humes Wish Donald Trump didn't stop running for president.  So do I!
  I want to one day slap Donald trump in the face  BUT REMEMBER
 I like thinking big. If youre going to be thinking anything
 Fool Donald Trump once
 Mac Miller has one good song &amp; its Donald Trump &amp; its really just the beat that's cool.  AND THE NAME!
_Raww16 Donald Trump is his only good song in my opinion  EXCEPT FOR HIS DONALD TRUMP SONG
_mouth remember when donald trump blocked me. i'm proud of myself  NO
 Buying Egyptian cotton covers and Silk sheets for my Donald Trump Serta King size bed first thing tomorrow.!   BED-SERTA!
 Some of us never stopped ignoring him. RT   ONLY THE REALLY SMART ONE'S NEVER STOPPED.!
_deb  My hubby just said you're his 2016 pick. I told him to get in line. I picked you first.   Adorable!
  save us Mr Trump 2016  Do not fear!
 .  I'm voting for you whether you officially run or not! Trump for Prez and Christie for VP.
  America needs a businessman to run the country
  is too smart. He's the real deal. . Love ya man!  You sound great!
  I dont know how you do it. Getting the attention of mass media with ridiculous bullshit. You are special
  _monchk What could Donald possibly say that Romney
  Will I have the opportunity to vote for you in 2016?   We will see
Not only is  a racist (and boring)
_Tiger  - how do you deal with idiots on daily basis?  Ignore them.
_monchk !! Is gonna knock  to the ground on a debate.  He woild.have no chance -lets go!
  I want to learn golf from the best. Can you teach me? ) I heard you are an amazing golfer!  TRUE!
   i got dollars on Trump.
 Hell
  ...maybe you will be debating Hillary!  Maybe!
     Arianna has 1.3 million followers  Trump is new and has 2.3 million
     Michael Moore likes her 
 I would pay to see  debate !!  OK with me!
   Is  even regarded as a valid source of information.. By anyone??  NO!
    all good cos I dont read huffington post. Its garbage   It is failing badly!
  you are an important person that's why   can't stop talking about you.
    they re-run stories every hour....and yes she is as goofy as she is dopey!

Did the poor but smart to leave ex-husband of  get any of the dollars she got for the use of his name in really stupid AOL deal?
The failing  and dopey  are writing so much false junk about me-they just can't get enough!  BE CAREFUL.
          

  He knows the best place!
 A long time ago
_Martin I understand
Thank you Readers' Choice Trump Int'l Hotel Las Vegas has been nominated by 10 Best for Best Pet-Friendly Hotel   Make your life as groundbreaking as possible
                    
 is hoping you run in 2016. Me too! Thank you Logan and Erin.
             

  Thanks.
_Rellim So truethanks.
Congratulations to  on winning the PGA championship. Great job!
Money may not grow on trees
   Thank you!
  great speech in Iowa Thank you
 hey  i walked into the lobby of trump soho. by far the best hotel and professional staff in nyc.  Thanks!
  Send some ties to Eric Bolling. He needs them.    is this so?
   We need you in the White House Trump!  Thank you!
  Visited Trump Towers today in New York. It's a beautiful building  . called here in LA; prepaid 2 mos w/out a discount yet for SHO &amp; TMC; got my bill reduced by $59/mo +credit.
I can't believe that in New York we can't watch the PGA Championsip on CBS. How    .much discount is Time Warner giving its customers?
  You are the only candidate ! We need someone like you who wants nothing but to save our country and make great
 - very fair interview!
   Great job on this week! Way to stick it to the liberal media.
_Tiger  just saw you on  - absolutely awesome. Thanks for giving me hope in the US.
   just saw last nights speech via DesMoines Register - was amazing Mr. Trump!  Thanks Dan!
   So nice
  Thank you
 . great job during your interview on ! This country needs you.  Thank you!
  Don't lie
  My finances have been totally filed dummy!
   It was great being with you last night - fantastic people
  Should be interesting - lets see how fair and honest they will be! Enjoy
   I enjoyed my intetview with -I only hope it is fairly edited!
_that_actor   Very interesting!!!
   Thanks Thomas!
_RG Where's  this Saturday morning? Twitter not as much fun without The Donald!  I agree 100% - and thanks!
. Stay tuned!
  I bought a shirt two years ago while visiting NY
Big crowd expected tomorrow night in Iowa. It will be interesting and fun - great people!
Watch what people are cynical about

Eliot had a terrible debate performance this morning against Scott Stringer. He cant spin his failing and contemptible public record.
The Trump Signature Collection
Thank you  for putting my Scotland course on your cover and a Top 100 course in the world. Colin Montgomerie  You are not only a great golfer
First Minister  will be destroying the beauty of Scotland with his insane desire for bird killing wind turbines.
. is making a truly stupid mistake by forcing ugly industrial wind turbines down Scotlands throat he's hated for it.
If the gov't shuts down
If FM  needs to litter Scotland w/ ugly industrial wind turbines to gain independence
FACT  the reason why Americans have to worry about a government shutdown is because Obama refuses to pass a budget.
Re hiring contractors
In the latest poll
I will be addressing a fantastic Ames crowd at tomorrow's   Leadership Summit .  Really solid playingkeep going!
. Great playingwe are proud of you!
Via  Iowa Evangelical Leader Says Donald Trump Is Bold And Transparent Blackdog
_newey  Thanks.
_Bighurt   When we finish
              

   Only some!
                   

Sleepy eyes 
Doesnt dummy  realize that when I considered running for president
Sleepy eyes  of the dumbest voices in politics is angry that Im doing .
                

 He should meet him &amp; beat himbut that doesn't look like it's going to happen.
_N_BACK   Wrong
   We will have electric and people will make money but birds will be extinct in 20 years.
Obama should meet with Putin snd convince him to do what is good for the U.S.  It's called good dealmaking or
 dude that's freaking cool as heck RT  wind turbine blades will slice 14 million birds and bats to death in 10 yrs
  wind turbine blades will slice 14 million birds and bats to death in mid-flight during the next decade.
  I would prefer a Trump/Giuliani ticket
   Thanks
   66
  Thanks.
  I met someone this evening who had a story about what you did for some foster kids and it moved me. Thsnks.
_grimes   Thanks.
   Have a great time-happy birthday!
   Thanks.
 _leventis  in my eyes the greatest real estate coach is Donald Trump. He leads by example! I am the BEST
 Have a Happy Birthday.
  Thank you.  warned for a year now about windfarms - Salmond is a moron
 Windfarms are destroying the environment and bird wildlife. May not be politically correct
   So true-Alex Salmond is absolutely killing these great and brave people!
For all of those who have been asking about online sales
Being true to yourself equals being true to your brand.Thats the solid foundation that will keep your brand flourishing. -Midas Touch
Just a few days until I keynote at   Leadership Summit in Iowa Its a good idea to take your own pulse once in a while instead of focusing on what the masses are doing.  Think Like a Champion
         

 Great
  Because Piers won Celebrity Apprentice &amp; is wonderfuland I just started with Twitter.
_Fan24               

   Great!
   dream team for president/ vice president ticket 2016. Make it happen!  I am proud of Trace!
 Drove around the new Blue Monster again tonight. Saving photos. What Donald Trump has done here will shock golf world!
  My favorite person on twitter is   Thanks!
   Thank you!
Patience is the greatest of all virtues.  Cato
Get respect
Definiteness of purpose is the starting point of all achievement. - W. Clement Stone
 Thanks.
 Keep your chin up
     Thank you.
 Good luck!
_soler1  My honor!
Do not underestimate yourself
Ft. Hood Jihadi Nidal Hassan has been paid over $300g in Army salary while on trial. His victims are deprived of any benefits...
. 2013 dwindling sales continue to sink at an even faster record rate under Graydon Carter   Thanks Ian.
 Great being on your showsee you soon!
  Thanks!
  Thank you.
. features a striking glass walled building w/ loft inspired interiors The Trump Organization is honored to have been awarded the redevelopment of The Old Post Office. Will be DC's finest hotel.
Trump Finalizes Agreement For Trump International Hotel
Excited to be keynoting   Leadership Summit in Iowa this Saturday   Happy Birthday Shane.
 Weiner is a joke....   SIXTEEN is amazing!!!! The best dinner I've ever had in my life!!!  Thanks
_goforth . Love Chicago trump hotel. Beautiful. Raises the bar for other hotels.
  is my model. I have been looking up to him for the longest time.  Thanks!
_CT Goddammit. I agree with Trump. MT  A-Rod gets 200 game penalty. It's time to let Pete Rode into The Hall!
 HI!
   HI!
Let  in the HOF - it's time!
   has inspired me to have a fundraiser event this Sunday at my home for a bone marrow case.
  Just checked in at Trump Itnl Hotel Las Vegas. We love our amazing suite! Thank you!  Enjoy!
 Good luck again!
  Happy birthday!
By failing to prepare
 Best to look up titles at  If you love what you're doing
  Yes
 Thank you Brian and good luck.
Be tough
Ive found that people work harder when they are held accountable
 Thanks!
 Great!
You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else.

Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time.

 Thanks Jake.
Why has all time hits leader Pete Rose paid a 20 year price whrn A-Rod gets 200 game penalty. It's time to let Pete into The Hall of Fame!
__Bolt   That could happen
  Donald Trump for POTUS...Just saw you on Greta's show...you give me hope for the future...God Bless!!!
_i4u  Thank you!
  How sick is  's  ? Maybe a future  or  in 5 yrs
_Barela You're making deals with non-deal-makers.  on the U.S. government.  And that is a real problem!
   Thank you Rob!
  Great interview!  Thanks!
 Thanks Michelle!
 Will be on with Greta tonight at 10 on Fox-always a great show with Greta!
  spent the night at The Trump Taj Mahal in AC. Had a great time!!!!! Great staff!
The Old Post Office building in Washington (D.C.) will soon be transformed into one of the great hotels anywhere in the world-lots of jobs!
We.signed our deal to take over the historic Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Ave. from the U.S. and convert it into super luxury hotel-jobs!
Action speaks louder than words but not nearly as often.

_1972  Thanks!
Take your work seriously
 Look at the solution
  Thanks.
OmikronDreamer           

  Great!
               

What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals. - Goethe
Donald Trumps Via  Thomas Jefferson
  The key word is yet. Keep at it
 Pursue it starting today. Action  is the foundational key to all success.

  I would like to hear the answer to that johnny football question?  With a little good guidance
Do not settle for remaining in your comfort zone. Being complacent is a good way to get nowhere. Get your momentum going and keep it going.
A good question for would-be entrepreneurs to ask themselves  What am I pretending not to see? There are a lot of opportunities out there.
 The Art of the Deal.
_t   Please send info to 725  Fifth Ave
   is raising money for cancer the whole month of August. In two days we have raised $1500.
_1968  we hit 3
 Great going.
  just started reading your book 
 My big job interview for my promotion is Wednesday and I'm going to channel  to win the job! Go get it!
   Thank you!
_boals Sipping on some Starbucks in the Trump Towers my first day in NYC. Very impressive and inspirational !
 Not gonna lie  is my idol  Great!
  just stayed at Trump in Vegas and dined privately at DJT. FABULOUS!
  I think I'm anticipating the next season of Celebrity Apprentice more than the start of football season.
History does not long entrust the care of freedom to the weak or the timid. - Dwight D. Eisenhower
 Happy Birthday!
Let me sum this up for you...   That's great!
Less than ten days until I keynote   Leadership Summit. Tix going fast.

's sparkling
Keystone XL should be approved but more importantly we should be drilling &amp; fracking our own resources. Would be an economic windfall.
Do as I say
Over 35 CIA operatives were on the ground in Benghazi the night of the 9.11 attack If once you forfeit the confidence of your fellow citizens
For all of those who have been asking about online sales
   Wrong!
                     

Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined.

_that_actor    I know!
  staying at the Trump in Chicago. Well done sir. This place is amazing  
  Thanks.
   Thanks!
  you're one of the only voices of reason in this crumbling nation! AMERICA NEEDS A CLEAN UP!
Isn't it sad the way Putin is toying with Obama regarding Snowden. We look weak and pathetic. Could not happen with.a strong leader!
 help me  I am depressed. Keep your chin up!
   like when Bush killed all those kids in Iraq when he invaded the wrong country? Really bad war
 I'm a big fan of the new  ties.    Do you think there's any chance of changing the course we're on? Yes
_Gibson  country shouldn't be capitalized there Donald.  I always cap when talking about the USA (only)!
 . do u ever get sad?  Yes
  - so cool that  and  are twitter friends!!  -And REAL friends
_Realtor  Thank you!
   Trump Soho is the best hotel.  Thanks.
Im on  tonight to talk about what the Yankees should have done about A-Rod long ago _Botha  Thank you.
 Perhaps.
Eliot better have a great pre-nupI want to help Silda in her negotiation.
People dont know that Eliots father is very rich. Eliot likes to pretend hes poor to appeal to voters.
Wow! Does Eliot Spitzer have a girlfriend? This is getting exciting.
If you don't do your part
_barnard                     

It is a great victory for NYC that A-Rod will never wear pinstripes again.
I am getting worried about Chris _chris Matthews.  Is he drinking again?
Chris _chris Matthews ratings are at new historic lows.  He is single-handedly destroying the entire  channel.
Snowden is handing over to Russia a treasure trove of intel. Our politicians are incapable of dealing!
A sad day for America with Snowden being granted asylum in Russia.  Putin is laughing at Obama.
Be sure to keep following announcements on the development of Trump International Golf Club Dubai.  Will be spectacular.
My  int. on China
                  

        

   Being associated with Joel is my great honorhe is a fantastic man!
I wonder who 's first guest will be his show will be great!
Who knew this innocent kid would grow into a monster?     sucks! What the mind can conceive and believe
When I jokingly said bring back Steve Jobs to run Apple because Apple has not been doing well
  Obama needs to listen to  - Nope
  what will it take to bring back the made in the USA label?  Great leadership!
 Life is too short to hang around cynical people. Find people who will believe in your dreams and celebrate your victories.
 Obama needs to listen to  so we can turn things around economically !!  So true
_Iron_Lad Conservative!
  _Giudice thanks Mr. Trump we  Teresa   Say hello to Teresa-tell her to keep her chin up
   Yes
 Have fun!
 Thank you.
  Trump Soho the best looking building in the country. No other building in the world looks like it. Thanks!
  hi Don
_goff Happy birthday Glenda!
 ....Trump Soho...... You're brilliant!  It has proven to be a great hotel....Thanks.
   Thanks.
 Thanks Tim!
   Thank you.
_Champion  Thank you for those nice words!
 I hope that one day I'll have a career like yours. You're such a role model to me!    Thank you!
Now with the Danger-Weiner campaign dead
Just like  organization
                      

                

            

Obama believes Benghazi is a phony scandal.  Nothing phony about Americans being killed by Islamists.
Surprise? 1970s global cooling alarmists were pushing same no-growth liberal agenda as todays global warming Great piece by   exposing how Karl 1.6% Rove cooked a poll in support of ObamaCare  Have a great day.
Be sure to listen to my interview on tonights .  Steve is a terrific guy!
Defund it
Via   Donald Trump has major aspirations for his Trump National Golf Club in Virginia Trump Something mentally wrong with Weiner Looking forward to keynoting   Leadership Summit.  Tickets selling out Congratulations to  on her big ratings win for the evening news. Diane is a spectacular person.
  that he even has any poll numbers is baffling.  True!
_Erc   Thanks.Eric.
  Whose worse weiner or arod? Too close to call!
Poll numbers have nosedived for pervert NYC mayoral candidate Anthony Weiner- good news for New York!
_that_actor   Thank you Andy!
 Sorry Dopey
  dear sir... So can i ask. Hpw can i fuel my passion Only by doing something that you love!
 Justin
 Thanks Sonia.
Without passion you don't have energy
 You have to have BIG ideas
 I know a lot
 When somebody challenges you
 Thank you so much Adam!
Even a mistake may turn out to be the one thing necessary to a worthwhile  achievement. - Henry Ford
The best way out is always through. - Robert Frost
  Thanks.
Trust in God and be true to yourself. 



The Golden Rule of Negotiating  He who has the gold makes the rules.
Negotiation tip Be reasonable &amp; flexible. Being open to change could lead you into a fortunate situation and open the door to innovation.
 The Art of the Deal is a good start.
 I love what I do. You have to have passion for your work in order to be successful. That's number one.
Negotiation tip Think about what the other side wants. Know where they're coming from. Try to create a win/win situation.
Negotiation tip Be patient
   Thanks!
                

 I got some  ties. The quality is unparalleled at that price point.
 RT  Once you learn to quit
_KayyArrDee Wowgreat! Thanks.
               

                  
 which do you consider the best? I'd better not say!
Once you learn to quit
  Thanks!
  Happy Birthday.
Via   Donald Trump to Speak at The Family Leadership Summit                 

I'm at Trump National DC  watching the  championshipfantastic young players! .
  It will really be amazing when complete.
 Thanks.
                

 You can have a round on me!
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing
                     
Deelaney31
Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it. There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface.
  I'm busy reading 'The Midas Touch' and its so inspiring! Thank you Donald Trump and Robert Kiyosaki.
 True!
_that_actor    What do you mean IF Donald ran!? If he doesn't run
 The Art of the Deal!
   if u ran for President how will u get your ideas passed by senate &amp; congress? It's leadership!
  please tell me another apprentice is coming !!  It is!
   beating China
  ...It's Sunday night and I'm missing Celebrity Apprentice in a bad way! We start shooting in the Spring!
 Thanks Colin.
  if Mr. Trump runs for president
_abdel  too wanna hear the truth? Listen to Donald trump it's that simple
_abdel  Donald speaks the truth but I guess thats a foriegn language to most of you guys!
_Landshark   No I can't say I see it
_Da_Guy  what advice do you have for an inspiring entrepreneur? Come up with a great idea and then work your ass off
   Do you have someone you would trust to run your businesses while you were president?  My kids!
   You will get support
   with  as president USA will be back on top  True!
  Ate the best steak of my life at your Trump Hotel in Waikiki
  there will come a day when everyone will say we should have listened to Donald Trump. So true!
_olliesdaddy  is there anyone that loves you more than yourself? Probably not!
  When is  scheduled to b completed? Can't wait 2 see da choppa in March Very soon!
  Really hoping NBC will officially announce renewal of show very soon! Apprentice is casting now-season 14.
    For the week
  The only reason I came to DC for my sister's golf tournament is to see Donald Trump speak at the dinner Thanks!
  what One Thing would it take for you to run for President in 2016?  Great support!
  Derek Jeter
  Do you ever see the USA once again becoming a Manufacturing power?Only with new &amp; capable leadership.
   quick visit to best golf course in 'merica. When is ur next visit back to DC?  Tuesday for PGA
 Got word that Celebrity Apprentice has been picked up for another season! Its official!! Shooting next spring!
   not a traitor. Shared info with fellow Americans who have a right to know about NSA snooping Bullshit
  when does Apprentice finish casting? We are casting now-some great people!
  Got engaged at  . Staff has been amazing! Glad we could have our special day here. Beautiful!
  the real Q is how does the NSA justify using contractors whom have access to such sensitive data? So true
  They are laughing.
   Thank you-work hard and good luck.
The U.S. is now begging Russia to give back Edward Snowden. In a letter they promised no death penalty for the traitor. No respect!
  what do you think the best major to study in college is? Follow your dreams-study what you love!
  what do we have to do to get real leadership in our country? Find greatness and push to victory!
  Mr. Trump
Druggie  is now scheming to sue the . He will go down as the biggest sports embarrassment of all time.
The new reality  Chinas demand for oil now controls the market Wacko pervert  idea of Hispanic outreach is using Carlos Danger as his sexting. Hes an insensitive racist.
 A message for -   is what happened to Detroit a good thing (long term) ??? It has been sliding for decades.  Incompetence
  Hey Donald is this actually you tweeting or just an assistant?  ME!
  Will we ever see Trump run in 2016? 
  you are truly a man that anyone can look up to. I have the utmost respect for you
  You are my biggest inspiration! All the way in Australia but I know you are a great American god bless Thanks!
_J_S  Do you think the rest of the country will eventually look like Detroit?  With bad leadership it could happen!
   is so lovely
   Can't wait! What a beautiful project...you're amazing too
  Remember when you were in the music video On Our Own from  II? That was awesome.  Yes!
_Enns  Courage is being scared to death
_The_Twit  When will Dubai be complete? Under construction now-completion in two years!
  Cant wait for tourney next March
_Harris24  Can't wait to visit this location one day! Keep up the great work Mr. Trump!  Thanks!
The 250 million dollar construction of Trump Nationsl Doral is coming along great. Just left Miami where I toured entire project.AMAZING!
  Biggest name in real estate!  ICON!Thanks!
  _morgan12 I feel like  is the only person on my tl that has common sense when it comes to the future of our country
On the sands of Playa Brava
Getting ready to leave  and the brand new Blue Monster courseit's unbelievable!
Learn to think continentally. - Alexander Hamilton
Trump Weiner a 'Sick Puppy' That NYC Doesn't Need In beautiful Miami inspecting the progress of  $250 million conversion into the country's  resort.
Don't ever think you've done it all already or that you've done your best. That's a shortcut to undermining your own potential.
      
MikeMcHale09
                    

  True!
                       

Mar-a-Lago is Floridas most lavish and exclusive private club and spa with world class amenities There are no environments where you're only going to win
_morgan12 I feel like  is the only person on my tl that has common sense when it comes to the future of our country
 You have to get people wanting to work again
_west  that's because  IS THE MAN.  Thanks!
  Thanks.
  I've never liked Danny Zuker. Notice how he has a bunch of drones begging for jobs! He has no power over jobs
  and  need to run this country. It's not rocket science...ps can't wait to see Doral!
   Great!
 ...other counties are looking at us as a laughingstock.  
I've just started blocking out some of the repetitive and boring (&amp; dumb) haters and losers. They are a waste of time and energy!
  this is the best vine ever!!!   Thank you-another daily change to technology!
   if  is irrelevant why did you block him?  Because he is irrelevant (also
  ten years ago
  quick visit to best golf course in 'merica. When is ur next visit back to DC? Entrepreneurs are all unique. One way to build a business and turn it into a  brand is to know who you are. - Midas Touch
Isnt it sad that Weiners first press conference with wife Huma was yesterday admitting to a sext he made post-resignation &amp; apology!
Congrats to Senator McConnell and _nets Kellen Guida on yesterdays successful Tea Party Caucus Looking forward to my Iowa visit at   Summit I cant believe Apple isnt moving faster to create a larger iPhone screen. Bring back Steve Jobs!
For the sake of New York City
My comment last March - Anthony Weiner is a sick pervert
My  int. on Obamas falling poll numbers
               

                 

Today Obama will give another speech on the economy. Tomorrow our country will still be $17T+ in debt with 18% real unemployment.
Why is  pursuing environment destroying windmills when  quit because of no (cont)   Thanks.
 Thanks.
        

We all know that chess is a game of strategy. So is business. Think about that and develop a strategy starting today.
. Long term goal &gt;&gt;&gt; to be the black  4real.Great Dean
Watch the first  re Anthony Weiner- Courage is being scared to death
More and more reporters are using the word TRUMP when referring to winningjust used on Bloomberg News. Gee
_Wiliem98  I really love reading your books. You should write more books!  Thanks!
 Open up your LinkedIn account today and you may see this article about 
_sonja  I wish I had your confidence!  WIN
_Boom If  ran for president I would so support him!Thanks Grady!
  What advice would you give to someone who is really addicted to alcohol???  Tough deal but can be licked-AA.
  I think you would make a great president of the United States because you are an amazing leader Thank you!
  if you were the President how long would it take for you to erase the U.S. Debt Deficit?  Not very long!
  do you honestly think you could run this country beyond the financial side of things?  Absolutely!
  well Vattenfall shoulda come to you for advice. They were too arrogant and too stupid-Aberdeen turbines=losers
  the Wall Street Journal believes that China will over take the US in built assets by next year. Question.
  Is it time for another season of Celebrity Apprentice yet?!  Very soon!
  give me a good reason why I shouldn't unfollow you Because you can't live without.me or my extreme knowledge!
Vattenfall
  when will Charlotte see Trump as part of the skyline?  Already have a great job there
  you are always on point with your comments! always real. Thank you Adam.
  Will next  be ? Only if Vince wants to break our ratings and pay-per-view record!
Bloomberg News - Spain's renewable projects
  True!
  family is the US version of the Royal family!   No
 I feel like the only people who hate  are people who can't handle the truth...he tells it how it is.
_28   only one I can think of to fix this spending problem.
   I bet if he were running this country
    She agrees with you on Anthony Wiener a/k/a Carlos Danger...We then agree on something
_  SO!..... Are you running in 2016 or NO? We need you!!
_FatTony  how is it even possible to recover from 17Trillion in debt?  With GREAT.leadership it is easy!
  Big fan Mr. Trump
  we want you to run again in 2016! You'd be great with picking this country back up again
  Thsnk you.
_landi  trump 2016 the only real public figure who knows how to fix this country!!  True!
  Wonderful job On the Record! I think you are tops!
   I know Anthony Weiner and he's a real sick puppy.
  ...you always speak the truth!!! !!!!
_Craig44 They don't have the incentive to move forward- literally hit the nail on the head about welfare. 
  Great interview Donald. Please run for President in 2016
 He's a very sick puppy. He's got a perversion. -  pulling no punches re Weiner ()
 Why is  not running this country??? He is a genius and gets it.
   Just amazing!
Greta in a few minutes-will be interesting!
  cant wait one of the best shows on tv  It will be a great season with our best cast ever!
  Is your fued with  over?  No
 Thanks.
  Danny Zuker is irrelevant.  So true!
  Please help this widow who lost her Veteran husband. Please donate even if its a dollar.
  any news on a new celebrity apprentice?  Going forward as soon as I get the time to shoot!
  Is your war with  over with?  Who is Danny Zuker?
 I wonder if I can get a birthday tweet from  for my birthday... that would be awesome!
  Is NY so out of touch they would vote in Weiner?  In this crazy World
_Pena  will prob state facts and people will get mad cause they can't handle the truth!  So true!
 I want to be just like  when I grow up    Go for it!
  your wisdom surpasses all representing this country! I pray you run!  Thanks
  I really do respect your views as a republican!  Great.
  you are my hero  Thank you!
   You have frequently been a great judge of character Very important for success in life Thanks.
  You were very right about Weiner as always.
  people are going to trash you even though you were right! Sickens me  Thank you
__Siddique  How about the UK? Any expansion plans here?   Yes
 wish they'd name the royal baby after   Great idea after having built the greatest golf course in the World!
  Gotta give u credit about calling the weiner issue in advance Thank you!
  every major city in the world has one of your buildings
_part2 Doing Greta tonight ... I bet her husband is pissed at you !  Yes
  Can I get a RT for the Hatzahlah Charity Golf Outing tomorrow at Trump National Colts Neck?
I am doing Greta tonight on Fox - talking about Obama Care and pervert Anthony Wiener!  10 P.M.
  if only the world would listen to more of what you have to say
_moy  I remember this episode. Hair still looks great!
 How about Eliot Spitzer? Will you say the same ?  On Anthony Wiener
  get it right its carlos danger Even the last name Wiener uses is sick!
 Honestly  been one of my role models ever since I was 9 years old. I still look up to him and want to meet him
  on the Fresh Prince!! Classic episode    he could be blackmailed while in power to cover up this crap. That's why it's a big deal.
  you for President!  Thanks.
_means I remember when  said  would do this again! Love it!
  I mean really ... Weiner &amp; Spitzer?!? What is New York coming to!!!! Talk about global embarrassment!
_manAdrian  Best Twitter Follow! Commentary logical &amp; to the point !  Thanks!
  are you building a Condo in Manila
  going to watching Canadian Open this week?Maybe few tour players will visit Trump Toronto!  Great!
On Anthony Wiener
Remember
 All I'm asking is for  to tweet me.
  I'll be richer than you when I reach your age!   GREAT
  You need to run in 2016!!!  Thanks.
   Not when you are running for Mayor!
  people will someday listen to you  I hope it's not too late!
   I can't believe that in 1 week I heavily agree with you again....yikes! Isn't it amazing?
  You have so much confidence. Have you always had it and what is your advice for trying to find my own WIN!
As I told everyone once before
  what are your thoughts on Weiner's press conference? Wiener is seriously sick and will never change!
I will be on ON THE RECORD  tonight at 10 pm
                    

_lisa                

  Citizen Kane
                   

To be a visionary and to be a billionaire
According to 
. is back on the DL.  The coming suspension will be announced soon by .
National Review Online Kristin Davis's Libertarian 'Tough Love' Great read Hollywood can kiss Adam Corolla's ass
This is the summer of box office bombs.  Who is green lighting this garbage? The scripts are terrible.
Phil Mickelsons final 66 round in _Open was amazing. Congrats on his well-deserved win. Amazing competitor &amp; a great guy!
No surprise
Detroits bankruptcy could just be the start 70 stories over Panama Bay
        
YashKandhari
 Happy Birthday!
ginrnnr2                    

  Thanks.
   Happy Anniversary Heidi!
If you've got some problems today
Weakness of attitude becomes weakness of character. Albert Einstein
Word is that they have far more evidence on A-Rod than they have on Ryan Braun! Alex is over.
  plz run for prez!!! You would win!!!  Thanks for the confidence!
Baseball player Ryan Braun turned out to be a total con man after so vociferously proclaiming his innocence only to be guilty as.hell!
_Car_Guy  Uhm
  I've been to Shanghai airport and its amazing. We are 3rd world 
   True!
China is taking the oil from Iraq after we spent 1.5 trillion dollars and thousands of lives for their freedom. Our leaders are so stupid!
500 of the most vicious prisoners escaped from an Iraq prison today. That country is a time bomb waiting to happen-a total corrupt mess!
China is building 50 brand new airports while our country continues to rott! Very sad.
Apple is finally considering a large screen for the I-Phone-they better get moving fast. When I told them to do this last year
   changed my life. Thank you.  Great.
_Gadsden   anytime the Donald is on is the best time for television  Thanks.
  Morning Donald
  They put U on SO EARLY! Shows disrespect!  No
  I won't wear anything else! You have to look successful to be successful! Thanks for the awesome line!
_that_actor   A terrible situation.
Will be on Fox &amp; Friends in 3 minutes-7.00 A.M.
_Mozek Why  isn't sitting in the Oval Office now is a mystery to me.
 I'll be old enough to vote during the next presidential election...and I really hope that  is on the ballot.
  I LOVE YOU  Thanks
   Yes!
  You are awesome! Cant wait for next season of celebrity apprentice.hope you run for president in 2016 Thanks!
 I hope  runs for president
Also
The ties
  You're my role model ever since 6th grade .Work hard Clay.
 When  speaks people should listen.  Thanks.
  Hey Donald
 Need more people like  in this country who get the job done and don't sugar coat things.
   jealous of his success ?  Sean
_mac1964  Please run for president.. We need a true leader... This country needs a Trump makeover.
  Gotta say  is the only reality show I never miss! Consistently flawless programming  Thanks.
  I think you are great. Can't wait for Celebrity Apprentice starts again! Best show on TV!  Thanks!
  Sir your tweets are the best tweets really inspiring I love them  Thank you!
Going with your instincts requires tuning in to everything around your decision.  Think Big
Great read by  Mexico's Hypocrisy Is Evident In Its Own Strict Policy Toward Immigrants Our GDP has been growing less than 2% for the last 5 years.  ObamaCare will slow us down even more.  Has to be repealed.
Important editorial by John Faso in  Spitzers reckless leadership Some good news for New York  Weiner has dropped 12 points in the polls &amp; that is before more of the perverts old texts are released.
  Thanks.
  Thanks.
._ScienceGuy                     

__miller  Thanks.
 Could happen.
Detroit is going through very hard times right now.. If they are smart
. radio show is a great addition to talk radio. She is sharp
Ranked nationally in 's top 100
                 

 He was a great friend of mineloyal guy.
In  No Spin Zone re ObamaCare causing unemployment
If you want to conquer fear
_ok The Art of the Deal is a good introduction.
  Never Give Up gives an overview of projects &amp; problems solved.
Be flexibly focused. Focus does not mean being narrow-minded or rigid.  Think Big
I don't believe you have to be better than everybody else. I believe you have to better than you ever thought you could be. - Ken Venturi
Re-run of O'Reilly on Fox NOW!
On Bill O'Reilly in 5 minutes!
__Farkas  can all these people replying please explain why it was so cold last winter?
For the disciples of global warming
Whether you love
  Thank you Joselyn.
I will be on  tonight
Labor disgraces no man; unfortunately
  Thanks.
 Thankssay hi to Mikey.
One thing Ive learned about the press is theyre always hungry for a good story
_dustin The Art of the Deal.
The most important political office is that of the private citizen. - Justice Louis D. Brandeis
 Thanks.
                     

The Feds pumping is great news in the short term but it cant last forever.  Be prudent in your market investing.
Congratulations to  on winning Athlete of the Year in last nights . LeBron is also a great guy!
With an award winning course designed by Tom Fazio
Must watch  owner of a single restaurant anticipates that ObamaCare will cost over $1M for compliance .  Conrad Hilton was a great man but Barron Hilton is a dope. Wrong on Barron!
Go to  now to see the incredible new selection of Trump Signature Collection ties
 My honor.
.  Does anyone actually read Rolling Stone anymore? Guess they had to create (cont) . congress needs to actually defund ObamaCare
Why is the  congress focusing on amnesty when so many Americans are unemployed?
Time is on your side; things do not continue downward forever. - Think Big
We all have the capability to read
Enthusiasm is a vital element in individual success.  Conrad Hilton
  how do you feel about the Rolling Stone Cover hitting stores this weekend?  Boycott &amp; cancel subscriptions.
 Hey  how come no   talk this week? Heat 10 years ago was far worse!
Isn't it crazy that people of little or no talent or success can be so critical of those whose accomplishments are great with no retribution
 It is sooo hot in New York today. Just walked past Trump Tower where the door was open. Tnx  Thank you D
Don't talk about Rolling Stone Magazine but
Sad thing is Rolling Stone was (is) a dead magazine with big downward circulation and now
  What is your feeling about Rolling Stone magazine putting the bomber on the front cover? Boycott!
   If u hate Mr Trump
  - Your  tower really sparked a riverwalk revival!   Thanks
  so excited to see the Trump brand coming to vancouver
  I hope you will include  as one of the judges for the upcoming Miss Universe 2013 in Moscow
Sometimes people spend too much time focusing on problems instead of focusing on opportunities - Think Like a Champion
The Zimmerman trial is over.  It is time to move on.  While Zimmerman is no angel
.  is a resolute leader.  When he sets a red line
. Erin Brady is doing a fantastic job representing Trump Miss USA.  Smart
The 2013 Trump  Pageant comes to Moscow on November 9th.  Airing from Crocus City Hall on !
Only in America can a Jihadi thug who murdered women and children be nursed back to health &amp; then get a  cover.
  Many people agree!
   Thanks.
. has done a GREAT job as the architect of my new golf course at Ferry Point. NYC is very proud!
 Have fun!
  Thank you.
Fun fact for my 2M+ followers - the 'Architect' Karl Rove blew $400M in the 2012 election with a success rate of 1.6%.
Mariano Rivera is one of top  of all time. Greatest closer of all time. A true warrior. Last night's MVP award well-deserved.
                 

 _Colin  Thanks.
 My great honor!
 Rolling Stone is just another dying magazine that sucks!
  Good luck!
  Thanks.
 Great
         

 It's the sense of achievement along the way.
Trump Tees Up Another 'Hole in One' in Scotland                 

  I like being nice to people.
 You will love it!
               
owen_kavanagh
 Very nice question
Be totally focused. Being successful requires nothing less than 100% of your concentrated effort.
Feeling sorry for yourself is not only a waste of energy but the worst habit you could possibly have.  Dale Carnegie
  can I get a Happy 21st birthday wish from you? Huge fan of you and the Apprentice
  my heroes are either  or _wahlberg  Mark is a great guy (and good golfer).
 . . I will be watching ._Sugar tomorrow. Tell him to keep the money coming my way!
 Great idea
 It seems like 's  course in Scotland is getting great reviews! I really must go!  . Good to hear. That's what this article says too. Did you see this? _Legit  Whose your MVP?  Mariano.
American league wins!
 Thanks.
  mr trump would open up the keystone pipeline if he were prez bc he makes things happen.   True.
  every played Muirfield?and who's your pick for the Open?Tiger
  How does this make you feel?    How To get Rich. Incredible Book. im trying To Understand deeply That Book.
  Give a lot of credit to Miguel Cabrera too..  Totally.
   Great job-you are a terrific player!
  please run for president so we finally have a chance at living a normal life again. 
 Sad!
  what do you think about Mike Trout?  One of best young players EVER!
  Must be nice to be above it all and have no real life concerns. Please enjoy yourself while we worry.I wish
   the man is a legend Very nice!
  _3  All red necks &amp; bigots.  Actually very smart &amp; a terrific public service-truth!
   Interesting.
_another_day  now after that home run derby performance... Who's your pick to win the all star game tonight? American
 Thanks!
   Run!!! Or this country will turn out like ancient Rome!  Perhaps so
Give a lot of credit to Carlos Beltran for developing into a terrific baseball player and total winner for the Cardinals-great going Carlos!
He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life. - Muhammad Ali
  Love your ties at Macy's. Receive many compliments.  Thanks
 Thanks.
                     

 Don't be a fool.
Weiner and Spitzer are on top of the latest polls.  A sad day for the greatest city on earth! They will spend lots of time together.
 True!
 I promise.
_ross Perhaps. Pray for great leadership!
 Great!
_rg                       

 Do not give upyou will make it!
_that_actor  Interesting!
Traitor Snowden has requested asylum in Russia.  Why would Russia grant it?  Snowden already gave them all the intel he stole!
Do whatever it takes to improve your public-speaking skills. Youll absolutely need them.  Midas Touch
.  Midas Touch is the manual for entrepreneurs who want to succeed. Thanks for sharing your knowledge
Consumer prices rose in June due to OPEC Most of the time you will need to work hard and stay focused to get to the top  and then work even harder to stay there. -Think Big
 Thanks.
 Great and thanks.
_Monteforte  Thank you.
 Thank you!
_barden Good luck.
Trump Zimmerman Trial 'Traumatic Period for Country' Via  by _investor Trump Tees Up Another 'Hole in One' in Scotland Had a great time on  this morning.
Because I will be busy doing anything other than being in the movie . I am not available to be in 's new movie .bit.ly/roadhardmovie
Just found out that at a charity auction of celebrity portraits in E. Hampton
A brand is not a logo. A brand is the promise you put out there and the experience you deliver.  Midas Touch
  Your buildings were used in Tower Heist &amp; The Dark Knight Rises
 Yes Danielle
_another_day  Who's your Home Run Derby winner?  Perhaps Davis!
_3  on Monday mornings is my favorite because of   They are great people!
  please don't tease us again..run in 2016.....PLEASE  I never teasebut thanks!
_88  I wake up ever day and go to work and pray for this country to get back on track. Wish you would run!
Obama will eventually approve the Keystone XL pipelinehas to happen but it is very late!
Learn
Now A-Rod doesnt even show up to his single-A rehab games.  Maybe the  will get lucky and  will suspend A-Rod.
ObamaCare will cost 3 times as much as Obama promised  $2.6T Ready to get mad?! We are sending foreign aid to China
Be careful  sexting pervert Anthony Weiner is upping his campaigning.  When will new pictures be released?
Eliot Spitzers illegal
All NYC needs is the mentally unstable Elliot Spitzer in office again.
Via  Donald Trump Comments on a Return to Wrestling My  int. on the Zimmerman trial &amp; verdict
  finally someone tells it how it is. Agree with you 100%
_c26 Went into your hotel on 5th avenue today
  is my favourite person on twitter.Thank you-my honor!
  the people that don' t like you just wish they were you! I adore you and your beautiful family!  Thanks L.
  I'm hoping the history books read Donald Trump led America out of it's darkest times. Wow
 Love him or hate him
 . I find myself respecting you more everyday!! 2016?  Thank you.
  I'm a small business owner in nj..not easy
_polishuk   Brilliant answer! I think it's the best tweet I have ever read.
  how did you like espn 30/30 on USFL?  A total piece of garbage by a third rate producer who hated DJT.
  Ross Perot had the right idea but not your brains or balls Mr Trump.
_milfncookies  I wanna do naughty things to u  Emelie behave
_  hey I really love you and you're awesome  Thanks Lucy.
  youre awesome!!!  Thanks.
  america is falling apart! we need you  True and true.
  The Donald... do you sleep?? Sincerely. ..Oklahoma  Not much.
  is a damn GENIUS ! Thank you.
   has turned the USA into a laughing stock around the world.
  Run for president we need someone to stand up china and Russia. They laugh at us now. They do laugh!
  It's late EST. Having a hard time sleeping? Ur Zimmerman comment was the most intelligent I've seen yet
  you just won a bleeding heart liberal's respect with that tweet.  Great news!
  the haters are just jelous because they are not successful like you  The haters are losers with no guts!
  I don't understand why people hate you. It's crazy to me. People should look up to you. They do!
  wisest of all reporters   Thank you!
  first time I have ever agreed with you  You must be kidding!
_Bell  i hate you with a passion but i agree with you on the zimmerman case  Thank you for being so nice!
 Who would have guessed that  would be the smartest person on my news feed right now I was always the smartest!
 Thanks Helen
Zimmerman is no angel but the lack of evidence and the concept of self-defense
   Thanks.
_dotson If you don't follow  you should probably just go home.
  how much money do u give to charity every year ???  Lots!
   &gt;Im a woman...and I better see beauty at a beauty pageant!
 It truly makes my day to read  's tweet responses
   Agree about Rosie. Sad because she is very talented.  Actually
_DFunk Can't wait to hear  speak at the PGA Jr. Championship in a couple weeks at his course in Washington DC!  Great.
  1 of the smartest people ever..business ICON  Thanks.
  Would it kill you to have a little humility now and then?  Probably!
  - Call Rosie O'Donnell to help you.She can't help herself - she's sad
 I've finally unfollowed   I doubt it loser but
Spitzer failed as A.G.
I would invite Edward Snowden to be a judge at the Miss Universe Pageant in Moscow but would be concerned that he would sell results early!
  I wonder if traitor Edward Snowden will be attending the Miss Universe Pageant in Moscow on November 9th
  upcoming Miss Universe location - Singapore  I'm calling it now  That could happen!
   love  for my mom's birthday!!   Oh my gosh
  Perhaps Miss USA can lure Snowden back? -with her beauty for sure she will  
  is getting married today and he's a huge fan! Can you give him a RT to celebrate?  Good luck!
   Good luck!
  I bet the Russian leaders wouldn't taunt you...just sayin'  They would not!
Perhaps Miss USA can lure Snowden back?
  Agreed but why are you up so early. Hopefully because you're playing golf like me this morning  Correct!
_douglas  would the US hand a russian over in similar circumstances?  With ease and get nothing for it!
I wonder if traitor Edward Snowden will be attending the Miss Universe Pageant in Moscow on November 9th.
Russia should hand over Snowden to the U.S. but they are having too much fun taunting our leaders.
_Inc  Would you ever return to Toronto? You're very much respected by all over here (including myself) Great City
  you give me great motivation Mr Trump! You have done amazing things over the years! Now I'm on my way to the top
_Genato  are there plans to bring miss universe in Manila
  hey
  Your books
  Can i get a hello for all the Canadians down in Ottawa
  how come u only reply to compliments?  Because I like nice people far better than the losers and haters.
 When they ask me... Who is your role model? I proudly tell them its Mr 
  thanks for the books you've written inspires me to take some risks and think big!!  Great.
  _StuLLeR didn't you have some apartments in Cincinnati at 24?  Yes.
   stop fibbing trump you have nothing to do with uk show. Ur name Isn't on the credits! Just profits
   Wow!
_chris   Thanks.
  UK's apprentice is so below par. Sugar is boring to watch. Watch the US version for the real deal.TRUMP!
_deleon  You are a tough  but you have been a game-changer for years. Much respect. Thank you !
  It's time for your  return!!! When will you make it happen?  Ask Vince
_jd   Thanks.
  _StuLLeR You use leverage better than anyone!  That's what they say!
  Sugar is so untalented!  True
   Interesting.
  I went to Trump Scotland last week and a gopher sexually assaulted my wife. After you
_StuLLeR  what was your bank account lookin like at age 24?  Not too great!
  Can I get a hello from a UK (England) fan?  Hello!
   True!
  you're awesome.  I like you toooo-thanks!
  craig ferguson called you a bad person the other day? what is your opinion of him?  Who is Craig Ferguson?
    Amazing Beautiful Place!!  Thanks!
_MacRae Next time your in Scotland can we go knock down some windmills ?   and save the birds!
  I took a drive to Trump Scotland last week- what an incredible course your built. Good work
  your staff couldn't have been better. Absolute pleasure. Thank you.  Great!
_OBM  Managed to play some rounds at your course in Scotland. Possibly the best course I've played. Great job
  Go vote and support  at    Thanks!
 New Trump International Scotland was better than advertised.Thanks . It &amp; Royal Dornoch gems.
   Played the course in May and it's the best course I've played on. Incredible and an absolute joy.
   True and thanks!
   Thanks!
A woman is suing one of my businesses despite the fact that she loved her classes. Our legal system is a mess. Watch- Destiny has a part to play in your life and in your business  so give it a chance to work.  Think Like a Champion
Trumps Menie golf resort enjoys bumper first year Via CBSWashDC 114-Year-Old DC Building a Step Closer to Becoming Trumps Latest Hotel Action is the foundational key to all success. - Pablo Picasso
Real estate is at the core of almost every business
. record $200M renovations are on schedule. The hotel remains open for guests
   Thank you.
 The best birthday present would be a RT from the  2016
    Thanks
_ZenSA  Plays a huge role in what kind of a business man I would love to be.I respect him and look up to him.
  gotta love The Donald  Thank you Melinda!
  Spitzer thinks since Wiener did it - so can he. I hope the good citizens of NYC show both the door.
__Perc I thought  was a closer...  I think I'll be listening to  he's a closer
  we share a birthday June 14 how about a RT for a huge fan and admirer
  has the realest tweets out there. The man in a great American
Snowden has given serious information to China and Russia-anyone who thinks otherwise is a dope! He is a traitor who fled-he knew the crime!
  It's time for Trump Care! Trump in 16! Save our country!  Our Country needs help and leadership fast.
Do not view any failure as the end. Learn your lessons quickly
Derek Jeters rehab assignment is progressing on schedule. He's a true  captain. Look forward to seeing him back on the field
Lying traitor Snowden now claims that he did not give any information to the Russians or Chinese.  Why doesnt he come home then?
A people that values its privileges above its principles soon loses both. - Dwight D. Eisenhower
Why should ObamaCare be delayed for businesses and not working families?  With premiums rising at record levels
Just as I predicted
Getting rid of the mortgage interest deduction would be a disaster for homeowners
Interestingthe last time a Democrat succeeded a two-term Democratic pres. was in 1836 when Martin Van Buren succeeded Andrew Jackson.
via  Happy Birthday.
Must read  article by Jeffrey Lord The Ruling Class Liberty Medal . is a very brave woman who caught her father's killer Congratulations to Gretchen Carlson on her big move to hosting an afternoon solo show this fall on .
Great news that  will be joining .  Elisabeth is a tremendous person and will be missed on .
Looking forward to a press conference  today about  on  movie project   Thanks.
 Great!
. visited me at - what a great guy! Trump International Hotel &amp; Tower Vancouver will include Vancouvers first pool bar nightclub &amp; Trump Spa  It was great to meet NYC icons  and  today!    reading The Art of the Deal again. Excellent revisit  Great!
THE HILLS TWITTER ROOM Trump Spitzer

 Thanks.
 BBC is a scandal ridden wastelanda one sided piece of garbage!
 Thanks!
 Thanks.
With the two wacko pervertsSpitzer and WeinerNYC politics has become a joke all over the world.
   Reading The Donald Tweets and wise words are essential to my morning routine.   Thanks M.
Spitzer never made 10 cents on his own-he worked for his very rich father (a friend of mine who never thought much of Eliot as a businessman
Eliot Spitzer was a horrible Governor and A.G. who ruined many good people and cost the Country billions of dollars in losses (and jobs).
_Mrizqullah  who is your inspiration?   My father!
  I cherish your boldness and confidence.....Indeed you are a blessing to your generation......love you sir X
 Putting on the  tie is an essential to my morning routine   That's great!
  your book's doing well in the UK mate.   Thanks.
_ang3l  My only wish in life is a follow back or a tweet from you. Your my idol
   You are correct Eliana!
  Just went on a spree at Macy's
 I've got so much love for .  So nice
  we expect you to have some more investments in Turkey
  I'd vote for Mr.Trump every time
  all accidents should require a drug test.  True!
  please run in 2016! You'd be perfect for America!  Thanks!
  at least u give a honest opinion Mr trump   and correct!
  How on do you expect pilots to be after crashing a plane?  Who cares
 . You know so much about so many things - a true Renaissance Man.   So true!  -  thanks.
  Just what I needed to hear. Love to be a follower of  You're amazing Mr Trump!  Thanks.
_Gosper  _ He's a foreign pilot. We couldn't drug test him even if we wanted to!  You must be kidding!
    Mr Trump
  um... How the hell do YOU know???  Because I'm very smart
_c_saunders  my dad played the new Scotland course today
It probably was not drugs that caused the San Fran crash
   Thanks
The San Fran crash was totally the pilot's fault - may be too late for drug testing
What took investigators so long to interview the pilots of Asiana San Fran crash?  WHY NO DRUG TESTS FOR PILOTS-they were really off.
. Magazine should definitely pick David Pecker to run things over there - he'd make it exciting and win awards!
Winners never quit and quitters never win. - Vince Lombardi
Must read editorial co-written by  editor William Kristol &amp;  editor  Kill the Bill Pakistani intelligence had full knowledge that Bin Laden was living in Abbottabad.  They were sheltering him.
Its Tuesday.  How much money will Karl Rove waste today trying to push amnesty through the House?
You don't necessarily need the best location. What you need is the best deal.  The Art of The Deal
Trump Organization's first project in India
Too bad  did not allow her interview with   to go on another few minuteswould have been interesting
With Spitzer &amp; Anthony Weiner running for office
A failure or setback is not a defeat. Defeat is a state of mind. You are defeated only when you accept defeat.  Think Big
Be sure to check out the new projects  
   You said you are tired - say the rest
  Thank you!
  - oh wow that course is beautiful  Thanks.
 . Agree stop have a dig a DonaldJTrump and instead . Is to blame Greatest course was built!
  Don Trump is Gods gift to America  Thanks Bob.
   and an awesome restaurant!  Thanks.
  Donnie how does Trump compare to Cosmo in Vegas    Far superior!
_LA I aspire to be like  The man is a genius.  True but thanks!
_adair  the course is magnificent DT ! You can't stop progress!!
  I'm staying at the Trump hotel in Vegas this week. Let me just say it is amazing! I love it!  Thanks!
_ku  Please run for president
Was not mentioned that we built one of the great golf courses in the world- bringing tremendous business to Scotland. Based on John Sweeney's lousy reputation
  any word on if Celeb Apprentice is coming back for 7th season? Please give us the good news.   YES!
 Thank you!
  True and thanks.
  I did a great thing for Scotland!
 True and thanks!
 She was great!
 Thank you.
The pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity and the optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty. - Pres. Lincoln
  Thanks.
Remember that things are cyclical
 True!
 We built perhaps the greatest golf course in the world...bringing business to Scotland.
  Thanks!
  Thankshas been great for Scotland.
  Great!
 True.
_Renn1  Thanks.
If you think big you will encounter big setbacks from time to time. What really matters is how you respond to them. - Think Big
 The Art of the Deal is a good start.
Via   by  EXCLUSIVE NEVER-AIRED 'APPRENTICE' PARODY OF TRUMP FIRING OBAMA We should not cut any aid to Egypt.  Their country is in chaos and now they must form a normal civil government.
  Thanks.
Isnt it ironic that a lot of the wealthy environmentalists use private jets and fight wind farms being placed near their property?
 You are probably correct
In anticipation of ObamaCare
Besides an award winning golf course  features exquisite estates on top the Palos Verdes Peninsula     Thank you.
   Trump Chicago
  why don't you invest in the USA since you're the greatest Patriot?  I do
   Yeah
  thank you for your investment in the UK Mr trump  Thank you!
_Classy_Guy  Sept 9
_murray   Fantastic job by _murray
  picked up my 7th Trump tie today!!  GREAT!
   True and thanks!
Anderson Silva just got knocked out by new champion Chris Weidman! Congrats to Chris.
 Just bought  's SUCCESS from Macy's and brought it to Costa Rica. Fantastic product. Go get them!
 I wonder if  is going to make any more plane crash jokes? What are you talking about-I never made a joke.
 RT    In my opinion you have a duty to run for president in 2016.
_kyle  I would vote for you in a second. Great American that would get this country back on track.  Thank you.
  if a democrat did a great job as president would you admit it?   Yes!
  In my opinion you have a duty to run for president in 2016 - our country needs you!  We sure need somebody-FAST!
Would seem that plane landed short of runway in San Francisco!
   What r u waiting for ?U got my vote ! God knows we need someone to get in there &amp; fix it!Thanks
  what do you think of the recent job numbers suggesting the economy is back on track?   hope.
  if you were to become president
 - Thank you for Trump Scotland honor!
Just heard that the great Golf Week Magazine named my Trump International Golf Course-Scotland The Best Modern Day Golf Course In The World!
   Amazing time in NYC
  you are such a role model for me! You're the best Mr. Trump. Thank you!
  Please run for President
  my grandaughter stacey7 is ill with cancer need to raise 500k pls rd hlp &amp; rt   doesn't show enough compassion to ever really be considered a presidential candidate.  I have GREAT comp'
  up before 7 on a Saturday. That's why you're a winner.  Thanks
  You are awesome
  Imagine if we all became masters  having fun while getting things done?
     So true!
  Monnin was given an opportunity I'd give anything to have and in exchange she went for the cheap shot! True.
  Im begging.... Please run for President and fix this mess..and it can be fixed
_fig  any prediction if the NYY will be in 1st again?  No
_ATC  I'm in Charlottesville
_longislnd   Thanks Craig.
    Thanks-a great place!
  _Olson did u hear about the white throated pintails demise at the hands of the wind turbine?  Yes
  Was his decision influenced by the No State Tax in Texas?  Didn't hurt!
  you are Never wrong?  Never!
  Thank you Becca.
For all of those that were hoping I was wrong
  should run for president. He'd have my vote.   Thanks
  Donald Trump
_2  When are you going to buy a pro sports team?  Too many other things to do!
  why would Howard ever want to play for the loser owner Cuban ?  I guess he didn't!
  what Trump landmark can I take my 8 year old to in NYC for his first visit?   Trump Tower
   Donald
   Thanks Christine
 . literally everyone knew that since the playoffs started.  Wrong!
  You have a cunty demeanor.  True!
   Great!
  everyone knew he was going to Houston - Bullshit loser
_i_c_h_a_e_l_m  you are a very handsome man   I know
Dwight Howard just signed with Houston.
To all of those who asked
  any idea where Dwight Howard is going?  He will.do best in Houston!
   Good timing for Paula Dean to go public
  How important do you think college is? Especially during these times..  Very important
   Mr Donald Trump is one of the most intelligent business men alive.  Thank you!
_Era A bottle of wine
_Olson  pitiful    But Paula handled it very poorly!
   Thank you!
  I just find it hilarious how you screwed Gaddafi.  Too bad our Country can't do the same!
The Arab Spring is not working out so well-nice name
  How do you keep energy high &amp; positive mind when it feels like you're failing in business? Never think failure
 one of my all time favorite episodes of Fresh Prince is the one with     any advise for battered Paula dean? Her ship has been sinking .. She must get back to work &amp; stop apologizing!
  Thats such a clich!! You can do better than that!  But it is so true and will never change.
   And if you love what you do
  What's one advice you'd give to an aspiring entrepreneur?  Work hard and love what you do-never give up!
My son  and  just announced their engagement. Great news! A wonderful couple!
  . I'm pretty sure it was like 10M. To turn that into 10B clearly shows he's good!
   Fuck yeah! She SHOULD have to pay!  She said some really bad and stupid things.
  I agree...But what have you done lately?  More than ever before!
 Judge orders Miss Pennsylvania to pay Donald Trump $5M in defamation case.   Then why do you follow me like a little puppy
 Honestly -&gt;  is a model to follow when it comes to the business world  Thank you!
  where we going???  If our leaders don't get nuclear weapons under control
  U R RICH because your  left U with 400 Million. I only wish my daddy left me 400M loser-Now over 10B
Sharks are last on my list - other than perhaps the losers and haters of the World!
Sorry folks
  how's progress on the Scottish golf course coming along?   Finished and great.
Leaving Miami-Trump National Doral will be GREAT!
  any memory of you and Tower Records founder Russ Solomon? A good guy and fine tenant.
 Why would  ever choose  to discuss the industrial revolution.   Because they are smart!
   serves  and  could be a hero and stop it!  You like sharks?
_mom   So true!
Our trade deficit just jumped in May to the second-highest level on record Obama-Putin Moscow meeting on 9.3-4 Stop and frisk works.  Instead of criticizing _POLICE Chief Ray Kelly
In 2011 I said that Mubarak never should have been ousted because whoever replaces him will be worse.  Obama made a mistake.
Via  Trumps links getting green  You're right
I just arrived in Miami where I will be checking out construction of the brand new Trump National Doral - always closely watch construction!
Nice article on Trump Links at Ferry Point in today's New York Post - the construction is going really well!
  When will we every catch a break ?  Only with new and smart leadership!
He would be crazy to play in L.A. - really bad coach who can't adjust to his players!
  Wish you would host Apprentice UK! Be great to see a REAL business genius rather than a dull grumpy grey one
Wow
Oil prices just went over $100 per barrel for first time in nine months!
  if u don't run for President
  my lives less than a mile don't the road he and all of balmedie are big fans   Thanks.
  Saw editorial on TV. Forcing whites out of their properties &amp; throwing them into the streets with nothing.
   Thanks!
  where will Dwight Howard sign? Will he join your pal   The best fit for him would be Houston!
  are you in Aberdeen just now? How is the course looking?  Fantastic!
  What is the best way to grow money when not starting with much?  Marry a rich person!
  EVERY penny
_Jackson_78  welp. mr trump you won't respond to me so I'm gonna just try to talk to richer people than you.Aren't many!
   Will they pay us for the help-they have plenty of money (oil).
   Wrong!
   That's great!
  is a fucking genius.   TRUE!
  how much money did Fred leave u to start ur empire? A small fraction of what I've created and built!
  Good idea
   Thank you-)
  Ugandan mogul Ashish Thakkar says that Donald Trump is ignorant about Africa Wrong
 Is it true   Ugandan mogul Ashish Thakkar says that Donald Trump is ignorant about Africa  I'm right!
   So true!
  Trump for President!!! XoSM mosscreativemediagroup  Thank you Susan!
 Really 
 RT  Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work. - Aristotle!
  To quote your own father is awesome and he is oh so right! Thank you Fred  My father was a great guy and teacher
  I am a new independent business owner with ACN and just watched the interview with Darren Hardy...awesome
Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work. - Aristotle
Having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice. Our ego gives us a sense of purpose.  Think Like a Champion
You have to have a good reason for doing what youre doing because people connect with the why.  Midas Touch
Get in. Get it done. Get it done right. Get out.  My father
. has continually degraded  Catholic Church on the joke he calls a show . are making a big mistake sending the doping  to rehab assignment. Should suspend him until investigation is over.
I am honored to be receiving the American Spectator Foundation Award for excellence in entrepreneurialism in Washington DC this fall.
Instead of attacking me
I dont know Dennis Kozlowski
Snowden
Anti-Morsi protests are 10 times larger than 2011 anti-Mubarek protests. Interesting.
Trump Puerto Rico is 1st development in Puerto Rico to combine lavish residences
 Thank you!
 I would stop paying him immediately.
  is a no nonsense man
  You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something
You have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life. - Think Big
Yesterday Obama compared Nelson Mandela to George Washington in Africa. Do you think he really believes it?
We should be concerned about the American worker &amp; invest here. Not grant amnesty to illegals or waste $7B in Africa.
Trump 'Terrible traitor' Snowden embarrassing US  Congratulations to  on joining  on  Crossfire. Show will be excellent!
Millions protesting in Egypt for Morsis ouster Located in beautiful Briarcliff
Via  Donald Trump I Can Fix America Our thoughts and prayers are w/ the families of the 19 brave firefighters who died fighting the Arizona wildfire. God bless them.
_derek I'll bet he was!
Via WSOC_TV Donald Trump's son says family thinking about expanding in uptown Charlotte Fox and.Friends now!
  here is a novel idea. How about using that 7 billion to take care of our own country.   PERFECTLY STATED!
 .  Africa can solve its own problems with stronger institutions
Edward Snowden is absolutely killing the the U.S. with other countries!
_Combs4 Getting ready to watch  on !        Will be on 7 A.M.
  going to New York for first time in November.Any recommendations which hotel to stay?  Trump Int.-1 CPW.
19 firefighters killed in Arizona - terrible tragedy!
Every penny of the $7 billion going to Africa as per Obama will be stolen - corruption is rampant!
_evans1  You were right back in January when you said Boeing was the stock to buy...  Thank you!
_rogerthat  why you hate  so much?  I don't hate him at all.
  What would be better than you buying an NBA team and beating Cuban's team on a regular basis?  Who cares?
  Thoughts on Obama pledging 7B US $$ to unleash the power of entrepreneurship.. in Africa??   Crazy!
   Thank you.
  true. Always watch the construction close...esp the change orders &amp; field slips. So true
 ___HEAD   My question is did MLK Jr. use the 'N' word? No
   Mark Cuban accepts the fact that the President of the United States was born here. Doubt it
  We have our annual  Conference at the Doral October 23-25...will courses be OK to go?  Yes
_soler1  why you take so serious so many stupid tweets
  Your thoughts on Obama's trip to Africa?  A total waste of taxpayers money! $100 million.
  I mean Mark Cuban is better with his money than you  Not even close
  or should I ask mark Cuban to tweet at me since you wont He is boring
  ~ $10BB? Forbes has you at $3BB
___HEAD   lyin ass nigga  Why does Paula D get destroyed and you can use the N word so freely
_mk  I bet there are a lot of other things or people in this world that could use that money  I create lots of jobs
  Hope the renovation is going well.  Thanks
  when do you expect the course to be finished?  November.
  I wish more people had ur tude  But they don't.
I am going to Trump National Doral in Miami this week to check out the $250 million renovation. In construction
I am so disappointed that the Yankeed haven't terminatrd A-Rod's contract. There is no way they would not win in court! Hard to believe.
Just watched Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg on 60 Minutes. She should spend more time trying to get the F stock price up &amp; less on her ego!
  just got to NYC
  How do you feel that the central park 5 were innocent  Innocent of what-how many people did they mugg?
  u should have run for president. our country is in a mess  Much bigger than you know!
  Why do you hate so many people?  I don't
   True!
Everytime someone tweets that I wear a wig realize to yourself that you are dealing with them - just another sad &amp; lonely hater and loser!
  what's your favorite book?  Trump
   If you hate him so much then why do you follow him? Because these people are serious losers (&amp; lonley)
   don't hate him for being successful. Hate him for being an asshole Actually
I like doing this once a month for the haters &amp; losers (and as they know)-I don't wear a wig. Some may not like my hairstyle
   Wrong
   prove it. And while you're at it
  would you ever consider opening a hotel in London? I'd certainly stay.  Yes!
  You are a brilliant Business man! The US needs your skills to become great!! Trump for President.  Thank you!
   A beautiful brilliant daughter   True!
  Thank You for what you have achieved it makes me work harder to achieve more for myself and my family
  How much $ did you start with? Not a hater
  haha you went bankrupt once? thats sad and embarassing I never went bankrupt moron-see Buffett
  What are your thoughts on this _Deen drama? Paula has to stop apologizing and get back to work!
  It breaks my heart u won't run 4 president and help so many more of us! Lets see what happens!
   Thank you.
   Cause this is the best place to tell people to fux off without saying so. 
   I know he supports others and he does not want or get in the news papers for it Thanks.
 I don't understand why  wastes his time with fools on Twitter  I don't either (I feel sorry for them?).
  have you ever contributed anything positive to the world? Making yourself rich.  Created thousands of jobs
   So how is he allowed to get away with the crap he says?
_g  your dad gives good brain?? Damn  It's called genes!
  why do you need so much? Change some lives
  you could have blown all the money or made it grow.....People are just jealous.  Totally true and thank you!
What my father really gave me is a good (great) brain
You mean the fact that my father left me some money (as a good father will) and I multiplied it many
   They will mostly vote for Dems.
I don't get  and his terrible show - he is dumb as a rock but tries so hard to pass himself off as a great intellect. Check past!
Imagination is more important than knowledge. Albert Einstein
Sometimes when you innovate
Congratulations to  on being signed to co-host  Crossfire. Great move by Jeff Zucker.
Obamas carbon tax plan will finance more windmills in America. More real estate depreciated
Always strive to outdo yourself.  Think Big
Situated in the heart of downtown Toronto
Another example of the destruction caused by wind turbines. Unnecessary wastehorrible!   I don't know Donald
How did Snowden
   Trust me its been a while we saw an American as a president. i am for Sir Donald
 Infuriating that our government buys our flags from China! Such disrespect!   how do you find the time? Not easy!
   Only 40 hours? (just kidding).
_Back  we need firm decisive leadership
 I wouldn't mind  as President at all. Just the man we need to get this country going again.  Thank you!
Can you imagine not taking Snowden's passport away before he jetted happily away to foreign lands (where he gave away many U.S. secrets).
Keep difficulties in perspective. Ask yourself is this a blip or is it a catastrophe?
Putin re Snowden issue it is like shearing a pig theres lots of squealing and little fleece.
Call it any way you like
Mastering others is strength. Mastering yourself is true power.  Lao Tzu
There are huge opportunities for profits if you can think big &amp; create big solutions for the human needs brought by trends. -Think Big
  Have fun!
  Very sad
  Thanks!
_LaBelle Have fun.
 An answer would not be pretty!
  Our country needs the same fix-up.
Whether you like it or not
Remember
Why do we always know how the four liberals are going to rule but have to think about which side the Republican judges will go.
ObamaCare could eat up your raise What a surprise! Newly released audit proves that the IRS only targeted Tea Party groups . was fabulous in  last nightas was the entire cast.
Located in Palm Beach
 Just got thru reading Time to Get Tough by . It's a shame more people didn't read it before this past election
Ability is nothing without opportunity. - Napoleon Bonaparte
As hard as it is to believe
China loved Obamas climate change speech yesterday. They laughed! It hastens their takeover of us as the leading world economy.
Obamas speech on climate change was scary. It will lower our standard of living and raise costs of fuel &amp; food for everyone.
Dont be afraid of mistakes. They can be  learning tools on the way to building something great for yourself.  Think Like a Champion
Shining over Fifth Avenue
One of the most expensive projects ever in Miami  $200M of renovations are right on schedule. When completed
  Real estate!
  Thank you!
_stevens Interesting!
 Great!
 Good luckwork hard!
   The Wharton School of Finance is the best!
Paula Deen made a big mistake in using a forbidden word but must be given some credit fot admitting her mistake. She will be back!
   what are you most proud of in your life?  My children!
  that's because you are THE DON... Nothing less than perfect  Thanks-and your baby is beautiful!
The people of Scotland love the golf course I have built-it is now considered perhaps the greatest ever built! Thank you also to Robb Report
   Almost all residents love the course and the great things it has done for the community. Polls have shown 93% approval-)
   Thank you.
  YOU'RE MY HERO!!!! I'm going into business because of you! I'm changing my name to Donald!  Cute!
   Miss USA Pageant is MUCH better!
  I look forward to your wise words every day. Nice to learn from one of the best. You are very smart!
 You can't even spell businessman. I use the B laws like Buffett
  you gotta start blasting Weiner everyday til he loses!  A total pervert Mayor in NYC would be the end!
   And you're okay with the government spying on you? Must have power to stop terrorists etc.
 I feel like that last tweet by  is gonna be a good one to have on record.  Yeah
   They gave up because the shirts
  you are without a doubt the coolest! Not many people stand up for themselves in today's world!! Thank you.
 Say what you want about 
  Are you really calling for the execution of  .  He is a traitor
  made in China! No way! Lead the manufacturing back to USA ! I am working hard to do so!
 You are so annoying   Thank you
New and great selection of ties
  I couldn't be a bigger fan! Love all you do!  Thanks Emilee!
   Thanks.
    Ah...I don't watch much popular TV. But I do like The Donald. You're very smart!
Congratulations to our great resident of Chicago Trump Tower
If you have a hard time communicating
Keep stimulating your mind with big ideas. Be a collector of big ideas. Constantly fill your mind with new information. - Think Big
Looking forward to my  summit visit and speech.
.  As much credit as he's been given
We need to worry about the American worker first!
Unions who secure the border oppose the amnesty bill Becoming a US citizen is not a right
Yesterday
 Thank you.
Via _Media Trump Iowa Visit Raises 2016 Speculation   Go for it!
 Thank you!
 That's really nicegood luck!
 There certainly is plenty of evil.
 Thanks.
  Great!
 Much better
   Played Trump Golf Links Scotland last week - by far the best course in the world!! Thank you.
Some events will wipe out one person but will make another even more tenacious.  Think Like a Champion
Our debt is about to top $17T. ObamaCare and China (&amp; others) are killing American business.
Snowden is showing how weak the U.S. has become.
We are being embarrassed by Russia and China on Snowden (and much more) yet Obama is talking about global warming on Tuesday.
Excited and honored to be addressing  summit in Iowa this August.  Overlooking Central Park
Via  Olympic golf course designer named by Trump-Damac Via   oversees new healthy room-service menu at Trump Hotels  Happy Birthday Anthony
Even liberals &amp; Democrats think Eric Schneidermans use of the Atty Generals office is unfair &amp; unethical.  See Charles Gasparinos article in todays NYPost about Eric Schneidermans witch hunt against Republicans  or Ireland?
    Have fun!
   Thanks
 Enjoy your stay!
 . does your ego permit you to donate something *without* requiring that your name be on it? State's idea!
 Pretty sure the reason  is so rich is because that guy never drank a drop of alcohol in his life That helped!
 What???  has his own NY State Park? This guy is everywhere!   True! And you are one of them - A great investor.  Thank you.
  HI Chalita Yaemwannang
   Great meeting you!
Coming together is a beginning. Keeping together is progress. Working together is success. - Henry Ford
Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future. 


  Good luck.
Receiving the  trophy for best new golf course in the world- Trump International Golf Links Scotland. Putin says Russia cant allow a weakening of its nuclear deterrentU.S. wants to reduceare we crazy?
 _Am_Optimistic Thanks.
 Good luck.
   Thanks
 Thanks!
Due diligence includes increasing your financial IQ daily.
The best investors are visionariesthey look beyond the present.
Vision remains vision until you focus
After one of the great chokes in the history of sports
_Wavinak  I do have to say I went to your timeline and saw you did NOT tweet that! Hope you catch the bastard! DONE
My people caught the person who committed forgery of the James Gandolfini-Obama Care phoney quote attributed to me-fraud. Arrest coming?
. stopped by to say hello. Re negotiation Trust your instincts even after you've honed your skills. They're there for a reason.
  Thanksit will be great.
Keep focused on your goals. Practice positive thinking. View any conflict as an opportunitylook at the solution
Negotiation is persuasion more than power. Negotiation includes a lot of fine linesand that's what makes it an art.
Our debt is about to reach $17T. Iraq has $20T in oil reserves. Interesting.
 Loser Danny is obsessed with Trump.
We know who did the hoax of James Gandolfini and ObamaCare. Be careful
James Gandolfini was a remarkable talent.  He was also a decent man.  We will all miss him.
Keep your brand standard in mind
Some dope said I deleted a tweet about James G. There was no tweet and there was no delete-a totally fabricated story (nobody saw tweet).
  I don't thnk his acct was hacked he's saying he never twtd &amp; no1 actually saw it only claimed he deleted.
_that_actor  It continues to amaze me how losers just can't stand your success
_LuciaTesta  I'm sure you didn't. There are a lot of sickos out there!  That's for sure!
  my friend and yours Mike San Filippo qualified for the US Sr Open. Mike is a great player-give him congrats!
Who would really believe I would say such a thing about a guy I truly liked
I never made the ridiculous comment about James G. and Obama Care - somebody else put it out and attributed it to me. Not my style!
     Thank you.
I salute all Tea Party Patriots for marching on DC today.  Stand strong!
Great to see  back on . She's a wonderful woman and commentator.
._Kleins book The Amateur is out in paper back.  Lots of insights.
   So true.
 A man works construction
  Welcome to Vancouver! Hope you enjoy your stay.  Thanks!
  Yes
 Thank you!
  were you listening to Cher's new song?  Cher sucks - her song
_ScumPrincess  is the best person I follow
   Thank you
  would love to see you on shark tank.... great white vs hammerheads  But The Apprentice is far better!
  rather watch season 7 of 
Amazing comeback by The Heat - your friends at your favorite golf club
Watch the game-really good.
 Why did I quit following ? Twitter is boring without him. I'm back for good!  Everybody comes back!
Great basketball game going on right now!
Do you think Putin will be going to The Miss Universe Pageant in November in Moscow - if so
The Miami Heat is getting it's ass kicked - they better start playing or it will be a long Summer for them.
The Miss Universe Pageant will be broadcast live from MOSCOW
   Mr. Trump
 I may not agree with some of his politics
I met a Trump Twitter hater last night (well known). As he came near me he nervously said
  I appreciate everything you've done in my lifetime  Thank you Justin!
 Love this pic of 
  welcome to vancouver . Enjoy your visit  Thank you.
Young entrepreneurs  never back down. Take the hits and get up.  Thats what makes a winner.
Keep testing your limits. Never become complacent.  Always think big!
All I can say is that if I were President
Snowden is doing great damage to our relations with other countries and U.S.prestige. China is laughing at us as he continues illegal action
Snowden is sitting in China and taunting the U.S. He is mocking us as a Country. Great time to place a tax on China trade if not turned over
 but when you're in a beauty contest ran by  
  people think of u as a real estate king. Rightly so
Like it or not
Frankly
I own 
A country that does not control or respect its own borders is a country destined for failure. Secure our borders!
Trending story on Miss Utah is very unfair. She simply lost her train of thoughtcould happen to anyone!   
My  int. on Obama scandals not resonating
Congratulations to 
. &amp;  both did a wonderful job hosting ! Everyone loved  &amp;  performances!
The crowning moment  Conneticuts Erin Brady winning  2013 Congratulations to Connecticuts Erin Brady on being crowned the 2013 ! America will be well-represented in !
 Time to enjoy an amazing day!   You were fantastic in winning the U.S. Open. Your father is looking down and proud of you!
 With the endless amount of ties I buy I can say the  collection is at the top of my list.    Thanks.
 Happy Father's Day dad! Love you!    Any plans to present in Sydney again? Missed the last one
  Guns in the hands of responsible people saves lives.
  moral of this story guns (when used correctly) save lives! TRUE!
A family in Las Vegas just stopped a violent home invasion by shooting one of the perpetrators-the other fled and will be captured. Great!
_  Hello Mr. Trump. Long time reader
  acts childish fighting with  via internet Wrong
  Hey Donald
 Oh my god the twitter fight between  and   There is no fight with 
We should stay the hell out of Syria
Happy Father's Day to all
  Obama arming Syrian rebels is a travesty and an embarassment to the US! What would YOU do?  Stay out!
  playing pine hill for pops day.  Enjoy it!
   Come to Miss U.S.A. tomorrow in Las Vegas-will be a great evening!
  can't wait for Monday mornings with Mr. Trump on Fox and Friends love to hear his opinion. Agree most times.
  your business sense is amazing. I hope one of my children grow up to be as successful as you  Very nice
 . &amp;  1st met at wedding of 
Dont find fault. Find a remedy.  Henry Ford
 Have a good time
  Great!
  Thanks!
Work often becomes problem solving.  Problems come with the territory
For an advance preview of the Miss USA 2013 contestants
My  interview on Snowden the traitor
  Thanks Anna.
. &amp;  are co-hosting Miss USA 2013  Sunday night at 9 PM ET on NBC.  will be performing. Tune in!
Watch Miss USA 2013 Sunday night at 9 PM ET. Live from Planet Hollywood
Fathers Day is Sunday. Find the perfect gift.Trump Signature Collection is exclusively available  . and I are looking forward to visiting Vancouver next week.  Big announcement
A friend of mine went to  and sent me this beautiful cake which we put in the atrium of . Still a great time to buy residential property.  The courts are holding up foreclosures.  Buy directly from the banks.
Its Thursday.  How much has OPEC ripped us off today?
Challenges present opportunities.  Always keep your focus and stay calm.
Thanks to everyone for your kind birthday wishes  very nice!
  if you really thought you could have won
 What a great day  w/ . Can't wait to go back . . THANKS.
 Just saw the old post office in Washington DC that  is planning to turn into a hotel. It will be gorgeous
 Whao! So good to know that I share the same birthday as my mentor . Tomorrow's our Birthday!!!!!! Happy birthday!
 . The penalty of success is to now be bored by people who used to snub you - Viscountess Astor (1879-1964)
 I was checking upon  bio
  why didn't you run for this term?  I should have
_Pascale You have to think anyway
_95   You have no chance!
  I've tried watching it a few times and think it is one of the dumbest shows ever! How can it win awards?
  WHO ON EARTH IS DANNY ZUKER????!!!!  A lightweight moron who only gets attention by attacking Trump.
_KLZA  Hater
   so to tell you Danny boy.....trump is winning it.....as he usually does.  Danny is easy!
   Now tell the truth.
 I have to say I fave no idea who  is but I know  is and he has great hotels   TRUE.
Just tried watching Modern Family - written by a moron
  I'd vote for you too! I work for the welfare dept &amp; I've never seen so many people on it. It should not be.
  Please Run For President... Be Good To Have A Real Business Man In Office
  .Sam
  I'd vote for you for president  Thank you.
  you have an amazing father    Thank you Stu
 Not very presidential  . DannyYou're a total loser!  Perhaps
Lightweight  is too stupid to see that China (and others) is destroying the U.S. economically and our leaders are helpless! SAD.
 I'm voting for ! Calls it like it is!   Very nice Frank - our Country does need leadership.
    If anyone could start a 3rd party in govt it is U...just do it..build it they will come.
  ally my arse U exposed them years ago DT...time 4 U to get in the game...FOR REAL. You have backers...trust me.
  we need more great Americans like you to make this country strong   Thanks for the nice words!
   wow! That was some fine initiated political arguments u had right there. 
Is it a coincidence that the Middle East has blown up since Obama became president?
Why isnt the  congress doing everything possible to defund and cut ObamaCare?
_L0C  is better than  in a lot of ways
Age wrinkles the body. Quitting wrinkles the soul. - General Douglas MacArthur
_MikeJones6   
   Danny who?
  agreed
_nyc  luv you  That's great!
  I think you try and make fun of  because you're jealous. Try and compare your career to his.
I can't resist hitting lightweight  verbally when he starts up because he is just.so pathetic and easy (stupid)!
.  DannyYou're a total loser!
Looking forward to speaking at   Gala Dinner on Friday in D.C. His staff has been great!
 Have fun and thanks.
. DannyLet your bosses on Modern Family lend you the money to play the game.  Show courage!
. Youre starting up again because people have forgotten you. You wouldnt take my bet but its (cont) If  dropped out of the economically unfeasible wind farm development in Aberdeen
If Snowden was such a hero then he would be in America.  He is escaping justice!
I've been warning about China since as early as the 80s. No one wanted to listen. Now our country is in real trouble. 
   A round of golf compliments of me Trump National Golf ClubLos Angeles.   

Wow
_KatherineWebb Looking forward to  this weekend in Vegas!  Great to have our former.Miss Alabama!
  _McNall is that hype or truly the world's best  course? It is the World's best golf course!
   Happy birthday Victoria.
  I most definitely agree with you. Such an inspiration you are   Thanks and work hard and smart!
_McNall  congratulations on building the world's best golf course. Scotland makes us jealous!  Thanks Chris.
_Bus   ill admit hes the man when it comes to entrepreneurs  Thank you!
  Thanks Matt!
 _KatherineWebb  how come katherine isn't a judge for miss USA???? Because she is friends with Miss Alabama!
Amazing  tried to destroy Aberdeen.
. has topped Carbon Datas rankings of the most carbon-intensive companies in the EUs emissions trading scheme.
The risk of a wrong decision is preferable to the terror of indecision.  Maimonides
  Thank you.
 Thank you.
Keep stimulating your mind with big ideas. Fill your mind with new information
Always pretend that you're working for yourself. You'll do a wonderful job. It's simple
Via  by  Donald Trump says This country is going to hell in a handbasket Congrats to  on winning  the  Mayor's Award for Lifetime Achievement! I love Barbara!
With so many scandals plaguing Obama
Belated congratulations to  on winning the French Open. A great player &amp; person!
.

Please dont pay attention to all of those phony tweets that mention my twitter handle relative to diet  it is a total scam.
Great going to Bob Kraft &amp; Bill Belichick of the  on .  Tim is a winner just like them!
   Thanks and great job!
  Me too
 . A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him D Brinkley
  2-Day is  100th B-Day! Research him &amp; learn how to be a    Great coach!
 ~. Our prayers are with you
   She will run!
 2016 platform? China must be stopped from treating the U.S. like a chump
 _Sugar sad it has come to this. Clown on TV and selling nail clippers online. Ask  for a job?
   Hit 4 wood shots to get on that green. Stunning hole and best course in the world!
 I am team  &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3   Thanks Georgia!
. and I on the 18th hole at Trump International Golf Links Scotland-    Thank you!
_b Thank you.
Yesterday's home runs don't win today's games. - Babe Ruth
Shirts and ties are doing great thanks!
Somerset County
  Thanks
Worry destroys focus.  Think Big
China is openly sailing warships in our waters &amp; arming countries in our hemisphere including Mexico A coincidence that the NSA leaker is living openly in Hong Kong?! At the same time the Chinese Pres. met with Obama in CA.
. int. on gov. collecting data
Via  by  U.S. taps Donald Trump to convert DC's Old Post Office into luxury hotel Via _Media Robb Report Trump Scotland Best Golf Course in the World   Lots and yes.
Canadians My ultra luxury private plane will be featured on Sunday's episode of  on don't miss it at 8 ET!
 's my inspiration.
    I agree thank Mr trump fantastic golf in the UK you have built
Vote for your favorite  contestant - the 2013  Fan Vote at Canadians My ultra luxury private plane will be featured on Sunday's episode of   on don't miss it at 8 ET!
   Your investment in the UK is welcome. Thanks for being you.  Thank you!
  I'll have to go to Macy's at tje Bridgewater mall in NJ and shop on this rainy day. Have 7 of ur ties. Luv them
Newsstand sales for 
I hope everybody goes to Macy's today to get Donald J.  Trump shirts
I'm in Scotland getting ready for a major news conference on the Great Dunes of Scotland announcing the second North Sea course - amazing!
Be flexibly focused. Focus does not mean being narrow-minded or rigid.  Think Big
Inspiration exists
_23 Thanks.
 You could never beat me at golf18 club championships.
  But didn't he bet on his own teamhe paid the price.
We look forward to making the Old Post Office in DC one of the great hotels of the World. I feel bad for all  employees. Every day at work
I've done the largest house sale in U.S. history by selling a Palm Beach mansion for $100M
Stephanie Cutter Attended WH Meetings With IRS Chief Remember Trump ties &amp; shirts  for Fathers Dayyour father will love you even more!
Dress your best. Trump Signature Collection
Looking over New York City with luxurious 5 Star hotel rooms
Via  Trump's protg earns US Open spot Kern County
A-Rod has disgraced the blessed  organization
 So true!
 Our clubhouse on the North Sea. Giving away money and revolutionizing crowdfunding. Follow  to see which causes are financed daily
This just in re FundAnything and producer Brad Wyman _Grip Thanks Brandon.
  Wish your mother a happy birthday.
_goff Thank you!
    Thank you.
   Thanks
 Totally!
  This Red Sox fan says let 'em keep paying!  Boston.must be very happy!
Pete Rose should now be allowed in The Baseball Hall of Fame. The all-time hits leader has paid the price already!
  ...but we're paying Lois Lerner.  Very cute!
  seen you speak at Charlotte Nc (ACN) that was awesome!  Thank you
George Steinbrenner would have done a major number on A Rod - there is no way he would have gotten paid
I can't believe the Yankees continue to pay A Rod - they have a perfect right to stop paying (and should have stopped a long time ago).
_onrob   The show is a joke in comparison to the original Apprentice
  I'm Puerto Rican and I agree with this. We need to stop trying to be so politically correct.
_Drugs  when you die in 4 or 5 years
  Good luck. If I had known Id have come to shake your hand. Fab job in Aberdeen.
  Not concerned about them-weren't they brutally mugging people in the Park?  Go check your facts.
 _crtr  ASK HIM ABOUT  CENTRAL PARK 5  Yea
Likewise
When it comes to violent crime
Sadly
According to Bill O'Reilly
Thanks to  for putting on such a great concert fot . John was a winner on Celebrity Apprentice and is a fantastic guy.
My son  has just done another great event and raised a lot of money for . He is a really good boy who loves helping kids.
I will be going to Aberdeen
   Thank you Mr. Trump
   Innocent of what
  They should have stopped paying him a long time ago.
   Wrong you idiot!
The two dumbest interviews in history may go down as Lance Armstrong
Does anyone else have two golf prosJohn Nieporte &amp; Jim Hermanwho qualified for the U.S. Open?  Could this be an all-time record?
Congratulations to Jim Herman
Whitey Bulgers prosecution starts today.  Will be one of the most interesting and intriguing trials.
TRUMP IMMIGRATION BILL A REPUBLICAN 'DEATH WISH' Via  TheScotsman Donald Trump to lay out new golf course plan Via _Media by Courtney Coren Trump China Gets Iraq Oil; US Gets Nothing Congratulations to my head pro of Trump International Golf Club (Florida) John Nieporte for qualifying for the U.S. Open!  
 Happy Birthday!
  played trump national Philadelphia yesterday. Great track. Challenging but fair. Keep up the awesome work!!
  what's the secret to all your success?  Always need good and sound concepts and ideas-THEN
26
_that_actor  Don't be a chump. Win with TRUMP!
   I will definitely be there again soon! Save me a nice table with a lovely east view! D
  would be the greatest president of all time
   I also think he has more concern and love for this country than the leaders we have now!
  played National Bedminster today. Not sure what to say beside spectacular course and even better service
The Miami Heat looked great tonight - congratulations from all of your friends at your favorite place in Miami
   Thank you John!
  Hi. please run for president and make the world a better place. Thanks.
  That is true.
  Oh really
 You mean like Buffett
  is the man! He shows you what can happen when you work hard. 
   Didn't he just loose to Michelle Bachmann? .Never lost to Michelle - dummy
_Moretti   Thank you.
  I patiently await for Mr. Trump to throw the towel in the ring ! He will never be beaten by anyone !
 Thanks
 Say hi to your fatherenjoy the tie.
 Thank you
 Thank you!
  Thanks
  You always look great on TV
FLASHBACK Donald Trump Answers Boy's Prayer for New Bike . continues to do great work in exposing the left wing financing behind amnesty The Chinese are the biggest beneficiary of this post-Saddam oil boom in Iraq Pres. Obama is meeting with Chinas Pres. this week 70 stories above Panama Bay
Business is no place for stream of consciousness babbling. Keep it short
Never Ignore Donald Trump Via  Donald Trump Eyes 2016 by    Thanks Paul.
 You don't need meMar-a-Lago is the best &amp; most beautiful place to get married. If I'm there I'll stop by. Congrats!
  has Aberdeen said thank you yet?   No.
 .  when are one of your courses going to host a major? That's what often makes them great.  2017.
 Spent some time at Trump Hollywood this weekend. Absolutely stunning &amp; the staff were awesome Mr.   Thanks
_jacksmith96  played your course today in Aberdeen!! amazing
 Congrats to  for being voted 'Best Twitter Account to follow by The Open Mick Podcast. 
Congratulations to Aberdeen and Scotland for just having our great golf course named Best New Course In World by The Robb Report.
Thank you to the Robb Report
  Trump Chicago is the best hotel in the world. Sitting in Rebar with a fabulous view! 
  do you remember my grandfather Hon. Frank J. Blangiardo?   If you're going to be thinking
_lauri  The Donald is the only reason I tweet!  Thanks lauri!
  Find something you love doingyou have to have passion for your work. Then work hard and keep focused. Good luck!
Just got a great new selection of ties &amp; shirts .  Go buy them now for Fathers Daytheyre beautiful!
Ms. Goldberg &amp; her blowhard lawyer should be ashamed for having brought this frivolous case. They should pay me damages!
Today
_JCena Good luck!
 The architectural boat tour is great.
Protect the downside and the upside will take care of itself.  The Art of the Deal
 Loving the Trump in LV. Service is great
 Just had lunch at the Trump Towers! Classy taste Mr. Trump! Even my son thought it was awesome!
   10% of the people pay 90% of this countries tax. What wealthy tax breaks.
  Maybe Shulman is having an affair with someone in the White House. He looks a little gay.
Serious stuff-IRS Commissioner visited White House 157 times
   Thanks Heather
The Yankees really have to be embarrassed losing all four games to the Mets - my great friend George Steinbrenner would be going nuts!
  is my role model
  Young entrepreneurs should always remember that if you do not promote yourself
  DRILL BABY DRILL. North Dakota's economy is booming.
 Hi Sarahave a great time!
  Thanks Matt.
I pride myself on being obstinate
Young entrepreneurs should always remember that if you do not promote yourself
Frack now and frack fast unless we want to continue to be dependent on countries that hate us.
. will never solve the issues with the Ministry of Defense. Besides
One of the many reasons that  dropped out of windfarm projectthey couldnt solve military radar defense problems
Little Mac Millers next album may bomb.  He cant use my name again for sales.
.  renovations are  revitalizing Miami. The new course will be a great challenge The Conservative does not despise government. He despises tyranny. - 
China has done great under Obama. Increased private US holdings by 500%. Hacks our military &amp; R&amp;D. Robs us blind daily.
Via _Media Trump Americans 'Desperate for Leadership' My  interview re 2016
 TrueI am the king of eradicating debtit's easy!
 Thank you!
 _BOSS_TALK_  Dying magazine.
_2003 Thanks.
 Thank you.
Surprising a future Nobel prize winner on todays     A Massive fan from Australia. How can I buy your ties??   Thanks
_michelle Thanks!
  Saludos desde Mexico! I really do admire you  Thank you!
   I can't wait either. LOve the show!  Thanks.
  correct me if I'm wrong but didnt you give  charity 20k?  Yes
  Why arn't u in politics Donald..?  I am!
  You look so FORCEFUL on you're book cover! That's what we
 Mr  ignores Latinos can not be the  1 Love Latinos
  You are a true American
_Traver Thanks.
  I look up to you Mr Trump. I wsnt to be like you when I grow up. Can I get a reply?
   Thanks Mallory!
_Warrendya_    Which one?
  I love you Mr Trump  Thanks Samantha.
  Happy 8th Anniversary to .   hey Donald huge fan
  might be a lil late
 My friend during the trip    I love your honesty!  lol  Thank you.
 I love me some  except when he's going against our president.. but business wise.I Admire himUnderstand!
 You're exactly what America needs Mr. Trump    i live right near the hill school in pa and i heard that once in awhile you visit the school Great school
_e_smith9  Thanks.
Is business success a natural talent? I think its a combination of aptitude
_isma  Thanks
  Thanks.
 Thanks
  I'll bet you had a great son.
 No.
 Hi Joanna.
  Hi to your sons. Tell them to never give up!
Military has announced that China has successfully hacked our advanced weapon designs. China is our enemy.Should we offset this on our debt?
House GOP better get its act together.Defund ObamaCare. Out negotiate on debt ceiling. Form commissions on Benghazi &amp; IRS. No excuses!
. has tremendous talent and a proven ability to lead.  He deserves to be in the .
Obama wants to unilaterally put a no-fly zone in Syria to protect Al Qaeda Islamists The new amnesty bill is over 1000 pages.  It is another monstrosity a la ObamaCare.
    Very cool
 Thank you.
 Pretty much!
   Enjoy!
   Thanks Chris!
Bringing true luxury to the Windy City
. Best 2013 Golf Courses Trump Int'l Golf Links Scotland. Great honor
 Yes.
I have a surprise for a really special kid on Thursdays episode of  with    _BOSS_TALK_  Well
_Lady I pray he does well
   Happy birthday!
  people hate you because they are jealous of you and in reality they don't hate you
   A donor was found! James goes into the OR tonight for his second double lung transplant! 
  been a big fan since I read Art of Deal when I was 22.  Great!
 I would love a tweet back from the uber-famous ! How do you do it all?   I often ask myself that same Q!
_Cad  Why do so many people despise you?  Because I am so handsome!
  your an awesome roll model. Can you please tweet me back? Thanks
   Yes.
    Work hard and love what you do!  I left corporate
_BOSS_TALK_     But I know  and think he would do really well-tough
   That's what I hear.
  what is your best piece of advice for someone starting over at 40? Work hard and love what you do!
Never give up on yourself.  Think Big
 Thanks
We have a system that increasingly taxes work and subsidizes nonwork. - Milton Friedman
RT  In case you missed it
 Yes you can for country's good.
 U.S.A. is not rich
Inflation is here.  Record beef prices are hitting consumers pockets   Thanks.
  No
 Fight hard
  No
 Thanks.
Via   Trump researching 2016 run   Yes!
I commend Roger Ailes for publicly supporting  employees against the Obama administration's intimidation of its reporters.
John Menard of Menards home improvement stores in Midwest treats employees horribly  should they form a union?  Who would be stupid enough to invest in 's ill-conceived windfarm when it will lose 25M yearly?
Additionally
.
  did you help?  YES!
We spend billions of dollars helping nations all over the World but with hurricane Sandy and Oklahoma tornado not one nation helped us!
  Iraq was a mistake but how was Obama responsible?  He should have and could have gotten out much sooner!
  Furthermore
_Trophy  how are you a billionaire?  You mean ten times over hater (loser).
  run for president in 2016 so I can vote for you! You would have this country fixed in a month!
_edge  I'm in the Billion Dollar coalfields and thanks to Obama I can't even leave the house I'm so broke.
_OBM  I stay up to watch your great Apprentice show - miles ahead of Sugar's version. No comparison!
  What was Bush and Obama's biggest mistake.  The lives and $1.5 trillion spent on Iraq-which is failing.
I like John McCain but we have to start rebuilding the United States instead of countries who hate us and want us to fail - be smart!
  sort out so that The Apprentice USA is on BBC again
  congrats on winning in Chicago! People think they can sue for anything and will pull any card. Thanks.
  how come you don't like Alan sugar Donald?  Because he's a lowlife
   we are looking forward to the renaissance &amp; transformation of the Old Post Office in DC GREAT
_Talent19  congrats on winning the lawsuit in Chicago   Thanks
  can I get a RT for  in NY. Saving lots of animals.
  I genuinely believe that the American apprentice is better than the UK one...  Very true!
  Thank you for all you do!!! Thank you!
  Mr. Trump
   Donal J. Trump is a good Presidential candidate - he has answers. Thanks
Why is Senator John McCain in Syria visiting with the rebels- MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
   Thanks!
  pls hlp my grandaughter stacey7 she has cancer &amp; we need to raise 500k for treatment outside uk.
  as if you would ever be president!! Some of your followers are pure RETARDS! Don't underestimate their genius
_Crovini  what do you think about italy?  I don't think about Italy!
_Bloo   &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; This is the same douche that said windmills were worse for birds than oil. MUCH WORSE!
  What are you doing with Old Post Office in Washingtondc and when?  We are going to build the finest hotel in C!
  a plus for run at the presidency can work w/unions. The American Spirit is down and out. Change is needed.
 RT  . awarded Trump Vineyards Sparkling Reserve 91 points - the highest rated wine V.
  Donald sir
It's 46 (really cold) and snowing in New York on Memorial Day - tell the so-called scientists that we want global warming right now!
  has a much higher IQ than idiot Lord Sugar- that's why he has much more money!  True on both fronts!
  your the greatest inspiration. Keep up the great work and thank you for all you do.   Thank you Virgil!
  Thank you for the times you invited vets to Maralago. You didn't have to do that
  Looking forward to seeing more idiots blasted today. Keep exposing the fools! 
  you would make this country great again if you ran for president No
  I say trump for president
  if you run for president I will vote for the first time ever
  4 more years of hell until a new president comes into office. I wish it was you.
   suddenly I was just motivated with Donald Trump
_  You think america will be great again? Only with great and proper leadership-otherwise
 I sure wished  would do a live tweet for tweet special on  and . They would get better ratings
  you're a role model to millions
  If you would run for President
  You are the sum of everything I despise.  Who cares!
_HEC  Nation's infrastructure is collapsing
 It's called climate change. No
See
 OK gotta go. You're not going anywhere Danny
 I hope you folks are following  this weekend as he dismantles . Friend of Danny sorry
  The  would never have  on. A.) Not funny enough. B.) Not famous enough. C) Hates losers.
  you're the worst person  Thank you!
Nation's infrastructure is collapsing
It's freezing outside
     Donald will always be one of Howard's greatest guests.  So true!
 Give it up haters  has    
  they do the same with .  can't carry Howard's jock!
   I love you. You are HILARIOUS.  But what about 
 People can hate on  all they want
   the fact that you keep tweeting at him is showing why you lost  True
  bring Cash
  Give them hell Don! They're just jealous!  Stupid is an even better word.
  You are kicking ass
 Lol! RT  . You've been popular with ladies for a while. What's your secret handsome?  My hair!
  Hey Donald I always find it funny that so many of your haters follow you on twitter. Can't live without me!
  please please run for president  Well
  Let me ask you something Do you think Henry Ford or Steve Jobs got into Twitter pissing matches. Would have
  wins  is afraid of you and knows he is a pathetic loser. Mr. Trump
 on your best day you can't come close to beating me
 I have to admit  motivates the hell out of me.    That's great
   Well
 Thoroughly enjoyed watching  and  twitter fight. At least Danny has the better hair. He's bald!
  you tell em Donny!! What pussies!!
 Enjoying reading  knocking the shit out of . Sorry hater
_godara  real name
  The pres needs some help...can you teach him the words You're fired!?  He will be using them often &amp; soon!
 RT  It should be mandatory that all haters and losers use their real name or identification. Say it again!
    Mr Trump for president  Thanks D.
 (?) Do you have the guts to debate Jon Stewart?  He would never do it
  during your inaugural address tell Obama You're Fired!  Stranger things have happened!
   Thanks!
   Mr Trump why do you engage these dumb ass people? You're SO much better then any of them! FUN!
 . I'll never respond to your asinine bet. You're gutless Danny
  i hear ya Mr. Trump
   I never went bankrupt - just like Buffett
  whoa.....what are they so mad about?   Don't worry
  Donald doesn't take shit from anyone
  it's hilarious to see all these dumbasses hating on you. I bet it feels good to laugh at them.
Sorry folks
  I have to be honest. I think I'm starting not to like the guy. Actually Danny
 Just killing time!
  shut up u stuck up cock! Hope u lose ur cash and get run over  Too smart to lose the cash-run over
_beans51  who is  ?  Actually
   Bill Mahr beat you clown!  Wrong
  CA is the best i rather loose my inheritance then have to watch the dreadful Modern Family on ABC 
Come on 
If  competed against me and.won (which not too many people do)
The lawyer I just beat in Chicago was a buffoon but was a lot smarter and sharper than . Come on Danny
 is a weak and ineffective guy with a long string of failed shows who got his ass kicked last night.He's afraid to make the wager
  Yes
  The pres needs some help...can you teach him the words You're fired!?
 Thank you
   Did we ever get to the details of the deal?  No
   Thanks
   I'm all for  trump   Thanks
  Sir
  says exactly what he thinks. Lol This is one of the reasons I follow this man! He's the best!  Thanks K.
_  Watching the finale. Can't wait for the next season.  and enjoy.
 everyone is saying you are being beaten badly at this game but you can turn things around quickly if you will go for the deal.
  You are awesome! Run for president.  Well
Hope everyone is watching the Finale rerun of Celebrity Apprentice on CNBC-especially the haters and losers! It is on right now.
No  it's making you crazy because you don't have the guts to play the game. Come on Danny
 I hope you pick up a lot of twitter followers by this so people can see what a total asshole you are!
  Danny
No  
Remember
 Come on Danny
 Bigger means bigger dummy
 Another racist remark by you
I know you don't like to hear this  but the biggest nights of The Apprentice were far bigger than the biggest nights of Mod Fam
  Five great golf courses with the new Blue Monster currrently under construction!
Just got final renderings of Trump National Doral in Miami - there will be nothing like it in the Country

   It's .  As I said
 Wrong!

  And dumb people like .
I never heard of  until his very dumb and endless tweets started pouring out of insecure mind-but I have a great deal for him!
I was just told by a television pro thay  is one of the truly dumbest guys in the business-he's obsessed with T-so many flops!
_be_cray  go fuck yourself you dumb fuck When was the last time you had a date-such terrible language (&amp; picture).
  no ones scared of you donald  You are very wrong!
  Just out of curiosity
It should be mandatory that all haters and losers use their real name or identification when tweeting - they will no longer be so brave!
 Lol. What is going on  ? Why is  threatening you?  He's afraid to use his real name-too costly!
   Wrong
   I do
 Nobody does the Twitter thing quite like . That man engages his critics like nobody I've seen before.  T.
  Are you making less than minimum wage
_Seeing_Eye   Does an IQ of 60 count as being smart? No
_A_F  Thank you for all you do for the ! May God bless all of our  this Memorial Day! Thanks.
  Why did you go to Wharton did you not get into Harvard?  Wharton is better for business than Harvard!
 You're nuts
   Please Make it happen
  yes you're a republican and smart. Now that's what we need to run this country! We sure need better than current
 Totally wrong dopey.
  Thanks Jimmy.
  is one of the greatest businessmen to ever live. It is impossible to think otherwise.  Very nice
  born on flag day?? See you were meant to be president!!  I guess that's.right!
Great investor John Paulson just sought bankruptcy protection for a unit of his hedge fund-very smart-but he didn't go bankrupt you morons!
The biggest business people have used the bankruptcy laws to their advantage-Warren B
  It will make my 3 day weekend to get a tweet from the greatest businessman the world has seen!Great weekend!
People do business with those people they like and trust. - Ralph J. Roberts
Via  Trump wins at trial

  Thanks Gary
In your planning
If I'd started in business thinking I knew everything
Looking forward to being guest of honor at 's  Patriot Gala Dinner on June 14th in DC. Flag day and my birthday.
Must read article by  Anthony Weiner is a twit who treats women like dirt Memorial Day is a time to honor our nation's finest who made the ultimate sacrifice for our freedom. God bless them all.
WH counsel met with IRS lawyer 3x in 2012
 Thanks.
 Thanks.
Let's see whether or not Chuck Townsend  is smart enough to fire Graydon Carter
Mrs. Goldberg
Thank you for all of the positive response on my Chicago lawsuit victory yesterday. Most of you saw through the phony age card ploy.
  That sounds greata bad woman.
 Thank you! (I think)
  True!
  what a great wave you ride. without people like you the world would be years behind where we are. Thank you!
  True
 Yes
 In addition to ripping me off.
 Thanks.
 Read this &amp; you will understand why Vanity Fair is going down the tubes.
 Thanksand great job
 Thanks Joannah
  why people who are your haters feel they have to talk to you or follow you?  They are sick and mentally weak!
  Shelly Kulwin says your a lyin' dog Mr. Trump. Shelly Kulwin is a really bad lawyer who lost big today(fool)
  Mr. Trump
    You are powerless online
  she trusted you
  I agree! She tried to ruin the good old Trump brand! You can not let her get away with it.  TRUE!
 Counter sue for your loss of time if you want
   She should sue her attorneys They knew she wasn't going to win with a binding contract.
  Congrats Mr. Trump. Frivolous lawsuits are a BIG problem in this country and issue should be addressed
I loved beating these two terrible human beings. I would never recommend that anyone use her lawyer
Jury was unanimous after hearing the made up case against my co. Filed many years ago
The so called 87 year old lady was a vicious and skilled investor who was trying to rip me off with made up facts and a blowhard lawyer.
_McNall  Congratulations on win in Chicago today.  Thank you
It's important to remain open to new ideas and new information. Keep your door open every day to something innovative and energizing.
Take a sneak peek into one of Trump Park Avenue's most exclusive residences on the market- I very much appreciate all of the great reviews &amp; comments on my speech in Michiganthe people were great.
  Thanks
  Pay attention and have fun.
 Happy Birthday!
  Here ya go.   Windmills not worth the trouble. Worse for the planet than oil
  Anthony Wiener couldn't pass a background check to be a police officer what makes him qualified to be Mayor???
  Turbines in US have killed many bald eagles w/o penalities.
  What a great hotel!! I have stayed there twice
  as a 16 year old who can vote in 2016
  how do you deal with haters?  Laugh at them!
  Windmills not worth the trouble. Worse for the planet than oil
  PLEASE run for president in 2016 I will vote for you hands down  Our Country needs help
  _lip is it true that it was your idea for Steve to name his company Wynn
  apparently you think you're funnier as well.  Actually I do
  Thanks
  True
  _Chimp  Wind power is inefficient and a hazard to the environment.
  has a much higher IQ than idiot John Stewart   That's true
_lip  what's your beef with Stevie Wynn? I have none
_Chimp   No
   like your golf course
  Your books and your record is an inspiration to think bigger and do more. Thanks Chris-)
  The Scots LOVE their wind power.  No
  What do you think of Mac Miller? Went platinum with Donald Trump song
Scotland is having a virtual revolt over obsolete wind turbines which are driving up energy costs and killing the bird population (and more)
   Keep figthing
  That's because I know him-he's a lowlife!
   They are dummies!
    i hate those non food restaurants!Graydon's food sucks
  courage big boss  Always!
   Sorry
 Not even close dummy
  AWESOME DONALD
 Big mistake! Wrong decision by _Sugar in  - you need to take advice from .
   So true Mike.
   Awesome! I'm from Michigan.Thanks-the crowd was great and I loved making that speech!
Trust yourself. Create the kind of self that you will be happy to live with all your life. - Golda Meir
   Hello Dawn.
Pervert Anthony Wiener will never be able to get away from his perversion-the cure rate is ZERO.
. could come back if Graydon Carter paid as much attention as he does to his bad food restaurants. 
If the great Si Newhouse were still running 
Via  Donald Trump speaks in Novi
Via  Donald Trump speaks in Novi(Michigan)
Use adverse events and monumental challenges to make you strong - Think Big
. __Media is one of the top media outlets in the country.  has revolutionized political commentary and reporting.
Jodi Arias jury is having a hard time with the death penalty-judge just sent them back for further deliberatuon.
Amazingly  is going to run. The cure rate for his problem is 0. Lots of other things will come out.
Graydon Carter is laughing at the stupidity of Chuck Townsend on his contract renewal- even he doesn't believe it! 
I can't believe  would renew Graydon Carter's contract......
...... Circulation is way down and all he thinks about are his bad food restaurants. 
The Lincoln Day Dinner last night in Michigan was fantastic. Record attendance and tremendous enthusiasm- I loved it!
    Thanks Tanja
One season ends and another starts.  Already casting for the next . Great news for charity$13 million so far.
Very sad that Republican donors were targeted by Obamas IRS.
Isnt it amazing that Obama never knew about the IRS scandals until he saw it in the news?!
Shock - Obama WH given three pinocchios for lying about Benghazi emails   Hi Amy
_in_DC   Thanks Vanso true.
  See you later.
  Dennisyou were greatthanks!
  you're a huge douche for picking Penn. I hope you Retweet this.   I picked Trace
  Thank you for hosting CelebApp to raise $$ for Charities like  working in OK now. Kudos 2 
    such great things have come from this show-see it working in OKC 
  . We are so grateful for the Red Cross in OK today!! Thank you to Trace and to Mr. Trump!
 The standing O that LilJon received when  gave his charity $100k was so moving. Love celebrity apprentice!
Good timing  won big for American Red Cross last night on . Now the Red Cross is in Oklahoma doing a great job.
Because of the tornado tragedy I will not be doing  tonight. I wish everyone well!
Excited to speak at tomorrow night's  Lincoln Day dinner in Michigan  All time sales record
_Keller   Thanks.
   Thank you.
We may get out of ObamaCare because the train wreck is impossible to implement Everyone should go see .  Great documentary showcasing  legacy.
.- the winner of  after last night's victory- _twit29  Thanks Dave.
  Thanks.
  Thanks.
  Very nice Denise
_Looya  Ok. BenCongratulations on your graduationand good luck!
   It was my honor
.
 Thanks!
_buck  Great
  I just saw the finale. Your act of kindness was total class. I've been a fan but I now love you Mr. Trump.
  still in awe of what u did for lil Jon !!! Best night of good TV in years!!! God bless
  Congratulations on a great show &amp; season! It is wonderful how much money was raised for Charities.
  _al_131 was a great show best yet congrats
  You are a genuine compassionate man. Loved the show last night. Thanks Peggy.
  dont agree with your politics
_al_131 Was glued to all season one of my favourites  Great ending Amazing show! Thx Sir.  Thank you.
  Congrats on raising $13 million total for charity. Best Live Finale ever!! Looking forward to next season.
_3  your tweets are awesome and an inspiration.   Thanks.
  wonderful gesture to lil Jon
  Sir you just made me cry when you gave  that 100
 Not gonna lie
  best moment of night when u gave 100 grand to Lil' John's charity.
   Amazing show! Much laughter and tears of joy! Thank you 
Will be doing Fox &amp; Friends at 7 A.M. It never ends (hopefully)!
I love that
Last night's live show was so much fun. Congrats to the entire cast
  Congratulations Mr. Trump on the best Celebrity Apprentice yet. You did a remarkable job as always. Thsnks
_Child    ... And much better than _Sugar's show!  TRUE &amp; THANKS.
_cohl I'm kinda hoping that  and  become the first father-daughter US President duo in American history CUTE
   SHOW=HARD TOO TOP    Thanks
    Obama put up nothing
  the baddest boss on the planet taking no bs from anybody gotta hand it to you the real estate king Cute
Ivanka and Joan Rivers will be working hard tonight at the Live Finale - everybody must watch the OPENING at 9.
   How are you - $5.5 million (a bargain).
_Overkil  But his hair is real!  So is mine
The cast for next season looks really good!
   Yes.
  something big and different tonight? Are you going to fire Penn and Trace
  Give us an anticipation of it
Just left the set of The Apprentice - the live show tonight will be fantastic - and something very big and very different is going to happen
How badly will the Country be hurt by the three scandals and the very poor implementation and cost of Obama Care?
   Thanks Lee!
_Sugar  Much more than anybody knows dopey
  Here in Brazil
_candy_  shut up he's a lord what are you ?  I've always heard that titles can be easily bought-is this so?
    On that I would beat almost everyone!
_IoM. Only in your weak mind!
   Thanks
   I don't
Sugar is nowhere near being a billionaire-and I know
   Thanks.
_Anwar   It's easy
  Im from England
  I love that you speak whatever's on your mind. That is true courage. Living your truth.
_lawson  love the phrase the harder I work
   Tell your friends son - YOU'RE FIRED TUMOR!
  there should be an All Star NBA No-Tattoo Team....would there be anyone available?
  Tell your aunt she is terrific!
 S/O TO MY MAN  ....   Rather amazing
 Bob Costas is one of the smartest people I've interviewed.   But you told me I was the smartest (by far)!
I'm watching Knicks game-I'd bet all of those guys with the terrible tattoos wish they never got them-too bad
Why didn't President Obama just go inside when it started raining yesterday - common sense! The two Marines looked very uncomfortable-&amp; wet.
Who do you like of the final two?  The LIVE FINALE of  is this Sunday at 9/8C. Watch and see who will be the first ever All-Star Celebrity Apprentice.
Enviro friendly? AP IMPACT Obama administration allows wind farms to kill eagles
This Sundays LIVE FINALE of  will be tough &amp; nasty. Be sure to watch  &amp;  fight to the finish!
People love ! The sexual abuse that is so rampant has
Just inall efforts to stop sexual abuse in the military have totally failedin fact
. is a piece of garbage but I think it is very nice &amp; charitable that they employ the no-talent illiterate hack .
Congratulations to my friend  on  1
   Thanks
 When is  going to finally get his own talk show? He would absolutely DESTROY the competition!  Thanks-time!
Celebrity Apprentice will be LIVE on Sunday at 9 PM (from New York City).Casting has already begun for next season.
   You did run. And you had your ass handed you. Never ran stupid
In other words
Unfortunately with some men when the poison kicks in (not me of course) there are no rules or guidelines in the military that will stop them
I was never a fan of Bush 2 FOR MANY REASONS
Our very stupidly run Country better stop being so politically correct or we won't have a Country to run anymore!
Many generals and military leaders are now saying I told you so!  They say this will have big impact on military strength &amp; national sec.
General says that the Armed Forces will be severely weakened if the large scale rape and sexual abuse problem is not brought under control.
Army officer who led a sexual abuse prevention unit was just fired after being charged with violently going after his wife.What is going on?
America's top Army general has warned of a crisis unless sexual abuse in the military is quickly brought undet control.Forces greatly hurt!
  do you like LeBron as a player and person?   LeBron is a great player and a great guy!
  what's it like to be Donald Trump?  Believe it or not
  why are you suing an old lady?  Because she is rich and owes me money - I am not stupid!
  Do you see President Obama surviving these scandals ?  Sadly yes
_Meagann And  reminds me of my Grandpa -the smartest man I know.  Wow
_  needs to run for President! He would be the best leader!  Thanks Mike.
   Big Second Amendment believer but background checks to weed out the sicko's are fine.
   But they are the folks I like the best - by far!
   Way less - and you are soooo stupid!
  i can't wait til ur president the world will be a better place If I ran and won
Looks like we will have a pervert running for mayor after all - just what New York City needs - and he will revert back to form
  Is that Zuker character still giving u a hard time? He isn't qualified to shine your shoes! ANOTHER DOPE!
   Good to see you also - I will be watching!
 Great way to almost end the week. Tv night on the deck with my fav simply red TRUMP wine   TRUE!
_Beil   Thanks Andrew!
. public golf course features spectacular panoramic Pacific Ocean views
  Go for it.
  Happy Birthday!
The most terrifying words in the English language are I'm from the government and I'm here to help.  Pres. Ronald Reagan
ObamaCare is already done. HHS Sec. Sebelius is trying to force private companies to finance implementation Its always great to be in business with Donald Trump
To be a big success in any field you need to build momentum. Momentum is all about energy and timing.  - Think BIG
Legendary Illusionist v. Country Music Star.  This Sundays LIVE Finale of  is a historic matchup.  MUST SEE TV!
  Do what you love
  It helped!
 Not too many around!
  Very true!
_1004 Perhaps so!
_Carswell _  Thanks.
   Thanks Michael.
Obama &amp; his people did a brilliant job of delaying these scandals until after the election. Mitt must be going wild thinking about it!
If these scandals happened before the election
   True!
_bales1 True and thanks.
_Brown Thanks!
  This is one of the worst made and inaccurate documentaries I have ever seen. Filmmaker Mike Tollin has zero talent.Also-boring
  and how many people died on Bush and Cheneys watch? Talk about that. I was never a fan
  cause there wouldn't be any scandals if you were in office..  TRUE-and no stupidity!
  saw some of your testimony today
_Beil   Thanks Andrew.
I wonder what the next scandal will be in D.C.? Can we handle yet another?
_Clegg81  is the man!  is the best show on TV!  Thanks!
  Much respect but you are the most sophisticated and vicious SOB out there. And I think you're great!  Wow!
The three political disasters could lead to a major and complete political meltdown!
 I never get y people hate  so much?coz they r not as succesful as him?    Thanks M!
_bos  - when are you going to announce your bid for 2016??  Thanks for your nice thoughts-our Country is a mess!
The lady in Chicago that I'm fighting owes me $500
I totally respect that Angelina Jolie has shown such great bravery in the face of danger - she has really come a long and positive way!
   Really terrible and a sad day for our Country!
 RT   played Trump national in Los Angeles yesterday. What an amazing place. THANKS!
  Just went on a Donald J Trump necktie buying spree. Fantastic quality and design.  At Macy's and thanks!
Success  consists of going from failure to failure without loss of  enthusiasm. - 

Not since Watergate have we been going thru a time like thisBenghazi
Circumstances are beyond human control
This Sundays LIVE FINALE of  puts  against . Watch two great competitors battle to win!
. is NY's best golf club. A 5 Star Diamond Award winner w/ an elite golf course &amp; top facilities 32 in New York - it's freezing! Where the hell is global warming when you need it?
  it's great to have u in the game of golf
  I have never seen a thin person drinking Diet Coke.
Benghazi. Obama lied. Our people died.
. once again made it to the Final Four. A true talent and great friend to  . Great job!
. did amazing on  .  Raising over $505K for 
Never judge someone by their job title. Youd be surprised at the talents people can have.  Midas Touch
My  int. on IRS targeting Tea Party
  Donald
 GREAT playing
  Have fun .
  My mother has such a crush on you. She beat breast cancer this past year. Can I request a RT for my hero.Love
 Best part of my Monday morning commute  on   Thanks David!
I AM PLEASED TO INFORM YOU THAT CELEBRITY APPRENTICE HAS BEEN RENEWED FOR ANOTHER SEASON BY NBC. SEE YOU AT THE NBC UPFRONTS TOMORROW.
  What are your thoughts on Sergio?  A great guy!
  hows this 4 gratitude 4saving their neck?Kuwait Airways 2 spend near $3B on 25 Airbus jets.
   Thanks Sam
  please say it isn't so and Apprentice is not cancelled  Thanks and sleep well tonight!
 .  clearly needs to run for president! Don't think anyone else can get us on the right track but him!
You will love Celebrity Apprentice tonight - 9 PM on NBC. Must watch from beginning - two early firings!
Two people fired very early on Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9 leading up to next weeks live Finale. Don't get angry at me tonight!
   Thanks!
  I own a fitness business all over the the Bay Area on CA. So  has been a HUGE motivator.
Watching  on NBC playing great golf. Tiger won The WGC Cadillac Championship at Trump National Doral this year. I love Tiger!
  Your first guest has to be . would be epic!   First guest for what?
  That would be great Philip!
  is a great American a role model to many read all of his books been a fan since he was in wwe a great guy
_l54     If you real Art of the Deal
 Think big is the most amazing book I have ever read. 
 Every time I read a chapter it gives me a push and brings positive energy to my life. Think big 
  Thank you for Fund Anything Mr. Trump you know how to help people in all the right ways. With hope
  is a role model for how to be successful. I've been a fan since Art of the Dealcame out in paperback.
_l54    Thanks Chris - they know the real facts but don't choose to use them-very dishonest!
 Thanks and true!
  YOU WIN ON TV SHOWS HANDS DOWN YOU ARE A SUCCESSFUL PERSON ...... I LOVE ALL THE SHOWS U HAVE COME UP WITH
_l54   Hadn't even heard of 'the benefactor' til Donald mentioned it. Big fail.. Donald wins the TV war.
  time for you to instruct the BBC to replace him
  I have turned family and friends into  fans. Nothing better
  The real shark tank is the boardroom on  !
  damn you really like getting  fired up to squash you like a bug huh? He doesn't have the strength!
  
   Based on your picture I can see why - you look lost and in need of a cheap lifeline.
  i never seen apprentice or shark tank am i a fat loser?  No
 Mark Cuban is a bully who is physically very soft and therefore should immediately stop wearing T shirts. No strength!
_Sugar can't hold a.candle to Donald.Trump - he is a laughing stock in Great Britain (but his show pays me lots of money
The success of Shark Tank over the years is a total joke compared to the success of The Apprentice
   But I love insulting people who don't have the goods but think they do!
The Apprentice
 is a short ball hitter who had a massive failure on television
   Thanks
   I have not run it for many years
  Mr. Trump; some of these losers just don't get it. They need to look at why your on top.
   Thanks Patti.
    Sugar can't get himself arrested-but at least he's making me money-keep begging Sugar you dog!
  Your man
   Little Jon Stewart(?) Is a pussy
 Stewart (?) wouldn't have even a little chance in a debate with me. He's totally overrated - not fast enough or smart enough!
  WooHoo! Have lived in Doral for 14 years and city is excited for Trump upgrades! WELCOME! Thanks!
  Not even close - he is just
_riggy  I never endorsed Judd - I'm with Senator Mitch all the way!
_plem   Do you ever take the high road? When I'm dealing with garbage like  Sugar
 The only thing I ever watch on TV is  's All Star Celebrity Apprentice. 
Just left Trump National Doral in Miami - under massive construction - The Blue Monster will be one of the greatest courses ever built!
 I only watch  once a week to watch 's Apprentice.  Great!
Leightweight  Sugar virtually begged my reps to have me stop mocking him. Every time this dope goes on Apprentice I make money-too easy
It's not that I'm so smart
No investor would be stupid enough to pour their money into the bottomless Vattenfall pit. They totally gave up Whether you have someone managing your finances or you're doing it yourself
 Very nice
  is definitely the best personality I follow on twitter. Inspiration and role model all together!
 You are 100% correct - thank you!
  just been walking behind you boss! Liking the golf course and hotel in general!    Will be great!
Dummy
. is right. Watergate is much different than Benghazi. No one died in Watergate.
See my picks at _Anything at I watched  this AM re  &amp; dating. She looks terrific
For all of the morons who have been complaining about my comment on sexual assault &amp; rape in the military
The most important thing in communication is hearing what isn't said. - Peter Drucker
Sadly
_Nima  Would you rather have a 3rd Obama term or make out with Rosie??  I'll take the third term!
_  I'd bet my life savings Obama has a higher IQ than you  You would lose!
 . And yet he refuses to release his IQ results to the public. WHAT ARE YOU HIDING
A Warren Buffett corp. is currently ensnared in a bankruptcy. Likewise Icahn
  which internet test told you this i would like to Match Wits With The Trumpster  You wouldn't have a chance!
  U were right Jodi arias should Have listened to u  Thanks
  Mr Trump
   Little Jon Stewart(?) is getting his ass kicked and you and all of his high priced writers know it! Don't panic Jon.
  Is that why youve filed for bankruptcy numerous times? I never filed for bankruptcy asshole!
 Mark Cuban can't beat me at anything. He is one of many on Shark Tank and Apprentice has been a much
  Remember that one time you came to  ? That was cool of you - thanks!  I loved it - GREAT SCHOOL!
  but Jon Stewart has a much higher IQ.  Wrong
Jodi thought she outsmarted the system - it didn't work!  Congratulations to the jury on a job well done!  Now
  lol.. Justice for Travis   It shows that the legal system is still intact-good news!
Man
Sorry losers and haters
What do you think about the push to put women into high intensity combat situations?
Never think of learning as a burden. It may require some discipline
I'm giving away money- go to We continue to lose our nations finest in Afghanistan almost daily. The Rules of Engagement are costing lives.
Scary. Our military is a using a Chinese made satellite for North Africa command communications Visit _Anything at . discussing NYPD Chief Kellys great record &amp; the launch of the crowdfunding site Via  Donald Trump gets into crowdfunding I just gave lots of money away at Trump Tower to people who needed it...they were very happy and appreciative!
What a great time we just had in the atrium of Tump Tower for I gave away money. Go to 
It's go time! See you at Trump Tower. I'm giving money away! 
 Thanks.
People do not assume this but more than anything else
Residential Capital
I'm giving away money! 11AM Trump Tower. Be there or be left behind!
I would absolutely kill Jon Stewart(?) in a debate - it would be no contest - he's not fast enough or smart enough (only obnoxious enough!).
   And Jon Stewart(?) is a very little man hiding behind lot's of high priced writers without which he would be nothing!
 Why are you giving away money this am  ?  Because so many people need help!
  what do you think of ?   I don't think of Bill Maher - and nobody else does either.
  I wish you'd spend more time building people up rather than tearing them down. I only tear down losers.
   Go on his show and teach him how its done! No joke writers.  He is soft and easy.
  I dont care for Stewart but do you ever shut up?  I never give up!
Just watched Jon Stewart(?) jumping up and down and screaming like a madman - nothing funny or smart
  I'm pretty sure your wife is cheating on you at this exact second. Sorry
   Just ck how many followers have each follower.  But I notice you follow loser-boredom without Trump!
  you do realize that  has raised MILLIONS for great charities
  Any truth to the rumor you bought some of your 2.1mil followers?  No
  She could share an apartment with Casey Anthony!  Very witty but not very funny!
_jimmy   That's cool
   Thanks Sonny!
 Super happy to   now that his asinine election antics are over. Then don't talk
 . Is there nothing that u don't pretend to be an expert at?  No
   Thanks Chris!
   Thanks Bob
  how does it feel to have 2.1 million followers  Great-like owning The New York Times without the lo$$es! .
Wow
  mark Sanford just won his house seat back so maybe Jodi can run against Hillary in 2016
  If they're unreported
Is it even slightly possible that Jodi Arias could be set free-wow
The jury in the Jodi Arias trial is
_Entertain  do you ever go to the isle of Lewis?  Yes
The Generals and top military brass never wanted a mixer but were forced to do it by very dumb politicians who wanted to be politically C!
26
  Do people ever call you Donny?  YES.
  Still waiting for the apology on the birth certificate thing.  You must be kidding joker!
Mistakes are always forgivable
Everyone join me tomorrow at 11 AM in Trump Tower atrium.
My  int. discussing business difficulties with ObamaCare &amp; how it is stopping businesses from hiring Trump  renovations are on schedule.  With such a massive project underway
My  int. on Benghazi cover up
The economy is broken. Entrepreneurship is being suppressed. See what I do Wednesday 11 AM at Trump Tower atrium.
Tired of being bullied by the economy? I'm going to help people. Wednesday 11 AM at Trump Tower
Keep Wednesday morning free. You will want to see this!
  and there's a move afoot to have women in combat arms if its happening now what do you think will happen then
  You do more good just commenting on Twitter than most haters do their whole lives
26
Sexual assault and rape in the Armed Forces is a Massive problem that nobody wants to talk about or do anything about-the big dark secret!
Head of Air Force's anti-sexual assault unit arrested for sexual assault! It just seems that our Country is not what it used to be.
.
Success seems to be connected w/ action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes but they don't quit. - Conrad Hilton
Now  is also concerned about ObamaCare along with  Benghazi was a massive cover up.
Via  Donald Trump to speak at Lincoln Day Dinner at The Showplace in Novi . is the last lady standing in All Star Celebrity . Watch out men
The Trump Organization is honored to be expanding our interests into Dubai. The golf course will be the top course in the Middle East.
. was very impressive and is a great person. The All Star Celebrity  viewers loved her.
   is the absolute best show on television.   THANKS!
Enjoy Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9 - a really great episode!
  celebrity apprentice tonight! Final two? Penn &amp; Little John
God never takes away something from your life without replacing it with something better. Rev. 
When written in Chinese
Looking forward to being the guest of honor at 's  Patriot's Award Gala Dinner in Washington
Time magazine should name David Pecker of American Media to be its top guy...but they are not smart enough to do that!
As Ive said many times before
Jon Stewart  is a total phony he should cherish his pastnot run from it.
If Jon Stewart is so above it all &amp; legit
Whats funny about the name F**kface Von Clownstick  it was not coined by Jon Leibowitz he stole it from some moron on twitter.
Amazing how the haters &amp; losers keep tweeting the name F**kface Von Clownstick like they are so original &amp; like no one else is doing it...
Most people think small because most people are afraid of success
  Remember when  was going to sue you?  I can't sue him-my shirts and ties are doing great at Macy's!
It's crunch time. This Sunday's All-Star Celebrity 's task will separate the winners from the losers.
 I may strongly disagree with 's politics but he makes one hell of a dress shirt  At a great price at Macy's
   What happened to turn the other cheek?  Sorry
   Unlike you
Always get even. When you are in business
__nguyen  Thank you for being a great inspiration to us in the younger generation. We need more leaders like you!Thanks
  Jon Stewart calls you F**ckface Von Clownstick. What's that all about? He's an overrated asshole-total phoney
  I don't understand the trolls that follow celebrities to curse them out on a daily basis. . LOSERS!
  love you. Need people like you running this country instead of the idiots now in   Thanks!
 Just watched speaches from   and  did great    Thank you!
How much money can you stand to lose? Thats how much risk you should assume.    Think Like a Billionaire
Turn to QVC now to watch Melania - really good stuff!
Why are some more concerned with granting terrorist rights than protecting innocent Americans?
Our trade deficit is still on pace to be over $500B.  This is killing our manufacturing sector and sending jobs overseas.
Obamas goal of 1 million electric car sales is a little off
Trump Int'l Puerto Rico spreads luxury residences
Call  today on   at 5 PM EST
My wife
  True!
_marshallx   Thanks.
 Work really hard &amp; think smart!
   Good point!
With Boston terrorist cell widening in suspects
.  replaced  on  to increase ratings. Its a shame Chris are even worse. Sad to see.
All-Star Celebrity  is down to the five final contestants.  Getting fired now is when it really hurts!
Jodi
Jodi should try but the Govt. should not make a deal - no jury could be dumb enough to let her off (but you never know
Jodi Arias has stated that she follows me on twitter so I really hate to be saying that she is guilty but sadly
      Small man. Large ego.  No
 - Jordan is great!
 No doubt the  would have been a better president than Obama   TRUE!
   Why do you follow me creepy stalker?
   When you get bored with others
   Stephen
_21    class act there donald. How dare u call this beautiful women these names. You said beautiful?
 You see
  if you run for president in 2016
   That hair is a hot mess &amp; shows he gas no class or style!   Yea
   Great idea - did you see their list
 They're going to make you their  person of the year in attempt to silence you.  They are not smart enough to do that
Just took a look at Time Magazine-looks really flimsy like a free handout at a parking lot! The sad end is coming-just like Newsweek!
    I never knew but thanks for the compliment!
_M  A totally one sided documentary. Why weren't the police
  your show ratings are off the charts why do others fail to get it right?  Because they don't want to!
   Why did they all sign confessions and how many people did they mugg that night in the Park? What about their criminal records?
  These poor guys were PROVEN INNOCENT!  Oh really
   Where Fred Christ Trump (father of The Donald) started THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION. Never saw-Really great
  So true; from the 2 Best of all time Ruth and Trump.  Really cool!
Dont let the fear of striking out hold you back.  Babe Ruth
Via  'Celebrity Apprentice' is Number 1 among ABC
NBC terminates The Chris Matthews Show Oil should not cost more than $40 a barrel.  Ideally it should be $25.  Cheap to produce and we protect the OPEC countries.
ObamaCare is a disaster. Americans will see record increases in their premiums and inferior care services.
Fracking poses ZERO health risks Trump Making GOP Speech  Is 2016 in the Cards? Upstate New York is suffering with record unemployment. Fracking is the answer. Frack now and Frack fast!
Via  on  Trumps look at building 18-hole golf course on former Kluge estate in rural Virginia See story in The Scotsman re wind turbines- The people of Scotland are really starting to fight the ugly industrial wind turbines. See Press and Journal- Wow
....... I disagree
Snow and freezing weather all over mid-section of Country. Global warming specialists better start thinking fast!
Money is really cheap so this is a great time to buy a house-but be sure to lock in long term financing (without which don't buy).
Housing prices are up in Feb over last Feb 9.3 per cent -remember
 Maybe  was right about his course being better than Quail Hollow  Trump National-Charlotte is better than Q.H.
  Thanks for buying Doral! There is no doubt your vision will create a master piece. Hope to play it one dayYES!
  Thanks for buying Doral! There is no doubt your vision will create a master piece. Hope to play it one day
  what is your favorite book that you have authored?  Art of the Deal!
  Thank you for being an inspiration for people like me! YOU define SUCCESS! THANK YOU!   Very nice-thanks
_Mangieri Going to  this weekend to get  ties! What's your favorite color Mr. Trump?  Blue but all are great!
  IT'S AMAZING HOW YOU KEEP YOUR SUCCESS GOING THIS FAR KEEP IT UP !!  Thanks!
  Congrats on all your success! You are a great role model!   Thanks!
_Dad  I've been a fan of yours for almost 25 years    Wow
  excellent service   Thanld.
_b       sarcasm dummy!
   sure you do! Celebrity Apprentice is nothing without Trumps influence.   True and thanks!
  I love you   Thanks!
  is a true inspiration to all young entrepreneurs!  Thanks Justin and work hard!
  Ever going to return to WWE and have your $$$ fall down from the sky?  Up to Vince M.
  you have the best show ever and you can tell everyone I said so. You my BFF  Thanks Joanne!
  Did you ever think you would have a TV series outside of R.E.?  Never!
  Not only is your IQ somewhere between Barack Obama and G.W.Bush...but you're entertaining!Much higher than both
  we need to get the unemployed back to work.  That is a big part of the answer!
_Dub    is a great guy and a great competitor who is respected by all!
  You are a very wise man Mr. T! Love your tweets.  Thanks.
    you have given these celebrities exposure they could not buy!t.  That is true!
Once again  has competed at a very high level on Celebrity All Star . He is a great competitor.
1/5 households is on food stamps Just left news conference at  with - people love ! Congratulations to Michael Jordan on his marriage over the weekend.
. is the poor man's left wing (with no ratings)!
  Thanks!
  I mean seriously come on
  Night loser!
     Dopey
   I should have many Emmys for The Apprentice if the process were fair-in any event
   Id rather support The Don than some clown. Just saying. Danny
   Windfarms destroy everything around them-very sad!
  that punk's jealous of ya mr. trump  is not worth the time of day! He prolly wants media attn-True!
   when will people wake up and realize Trump was one of Bush's biggest critics! Blind people!  TRUE!
  Have you ever respectfully disagreed with someone?  No!
 Dang  v  has been too good.   No
_from_ott  would ever have a loser like  on the apprentice? His stupidity could be funny. Interesting!
  it is truly disgusting to see the wind farms here in Iowa - destroying our farmland and wildlife.
   Happy birthday!
   Great taste!
_75  real joke is your misleading ads that were deemed so.  All politics-windfarms are in big trouble-I will win!
    if its good enough for The Donald it should be ok for me Directly on Pacific
    Wrong
   I agree
  bush was ur boy  Wrong!
  You need to write another Time to Get Tough Book. It'll be another new york times best seller. GOOD IDEA!
  someone needs to fire  !  He will fire himself-a total loser!
   Thank you!
.    is a very dumb guy who just doesn't know it-his show is a critical and ratings disaster!
Photo from a recent episode of  - saying those two famous words!   2.1 Mil. Followers vs.  189 Thous.  is WINNING!  He has nothing
Afghan Leader Karzai has received tens of millions of dollars IN CASH from the U.S. Government- how stupidly is our Country being run?
By Scotland officials canceling my local ad about how damaging wind turbines are- it became a much bigger story around the world. Great!
Great photo with  and _Rivers from this week's -   Thanks!
_vickers   Thanks!
 Keep dreaming!
I just sent  a check of $20
. Don't lie
One hit wonder 
. I'm in front of the camera and behind the camera- just looked at your picture
.- Perhaps one of the worst replacements in showbiz
.  Season 13
Failed show  season 1 of  had 28 million viewers and 41.5 million watching.....
.... but you only want to talk about 10 years later when I still win 10PM in all key demos.

. I hear your filmography is stacked with failures.
Failed show  I have never heard of you and was told you are a loser-after reading your credits I have no questions about it!
Next year  should be the comedian at the White House Correspondents dinner. The only problem is that... The  White House Correspondents' dinner was so boring this year- I guess thats because I didnt attend(even... I have a lot of  stock- and I miss Steve Jobs. Tim Cook must immediately increase the size of the screen... Just out-  was in first place in all demos during the 10PM hour in the ratings.
Doing Fox and Friends at 7.00 A.M.  Hope you loved Apprentice last night.
Did you agree with my decision? 
Mechanical dog is going to be trending tonight.  
Great boardroom. 
Do you agree with the client's decision? 
Maybe  should stick to words... vs. barking. Hes got a definite talent when he wants to use it. 
Great memory ! 
Boardroom time- which team do you think had the best presentation? 
What did you think of 's mechanical dog idea?
Team Power+= Spielberg?  Lets find out. 
. is rightPlan B has descended into a state of total chaos. 
. says _Rivers is a gem. I agree. We all agree. 
. feels hes been abandoned by his team. Do you think so? 
Looks like Plan B is stuck with the mechanical dog.  has latched on and wont let go. 
. doesnt need instructions. Couch time is more fun. 
Do you think  will be able to step up as PM?  I know  is hoping so. 
Heres _Rivers. She &amp;  make a terrific team as my advisors. 
We have the Final Sixand  is the last remaining member of Team Power. Hes done a great job. 
  I bought one of your ties at Macy's as a gift. Loved it and it was hard to choose just one. Nice designs - Thanks
   gary your the only reason we watch celebrity apprentice. Your GREAT!!!  So are you!
  Sunday 9pm-11pm on NBC is the best TV of the week...Love the show Mr Trump   Thanks!
  love your show!!!    Thanks.
 Seeing 's face makes my Sunday night wonderful  Thanks Krista!
  Love you and love the show!! )  Thanks S!
    9?.  Thanks.
 Are we going to hear more buseyisms tonight on 
   Thanks.
 Rivers comes back in a big way tonight on Celebrity Apprentice - she is fantastic.  9 on NBC.
 It's  night. Can't wait!   Great Jeff - a full two hours
 Im SO ready for an awesome   tonight! Bring it    
  trump hotels are the best!!!  I AGREE AND THANKS!
   You are a great looking guy who is really smart - you can do much better than your current girlfriend - she's nothing!
_man  bought a Trump shirt for a wedding I went to last fall
  Your clothing line is excellent.Thanks.
I remember when the Apprentice became the number one show on T.V.  came up to me and thanked me on behalf of NBC  (Yankee Stadium)
Marble mouth  asks why do we think to have a successful eveving you have to have Donald Trump as your guest of honor? BORING TOM
Thanks for the tremendous support for my shirts
_Farmer    Not me
  Gary Busey cracks me up! He definitely has a different outlook on life! Thanks for The Apprentice! Nice
  Wake up Donald
  Seriously wonder if you like Chinese people? Not talking about its gov.  I really like the Chinese people.
   look at the facts..those millions were made into billions by Mr. Trump. And its still growing! TRUE!
  I love you and I think you're funny.  Sooooo sweet
  Mr Trump! I'm from South Africa and I just love your tweets!! You're the best!  Thanks.
The Time Magazine list of the 100 Most Influential People is a joke and stunt of a magazine that will
  Are you still scared of  Trump?  Nobody is scared of Mark-he is a short ball hitter!
_Sears  One day I will shake hands with the man who inspired me to dream (and become) BIG!  Great going Janie!
  do like Mexico?   Yes
  is responding so... I remember meeting him when i was a valet at  National in NJ before it opened. Wow
  - Hey
  I love it when you are on Letterman. You keep him on his toes. Hope you are on his show again soon. I WILL BE!
   Shut up Trump I'm unfollowing you  Great
_sortino  can a future business man get a follow back or favorite or reply from his biggest role model!  Hello Sal
__mom  when i watch the clouds all i see is your face and think successWow!
  deserves to be President of the United States of America  Thanks John
 Very cool!
  Big fan Mr. Trump
 Donald 4 president.. Time 4 a real change!!    THANK YOU!
  is my favorite twitter account  Thanks!
  you're my idol  Thanks.
  enjoying a great evening at Trump Toronto!    Police records
_Kotowski Once again  does a great job on Fox News w/ Greta. Run for president! RT I'm a huge fan!!! Thank you!
What apology
  wow! What a nice comment......thank you!  But 100 per cent true-and you will get great ratings tonight!
 Dan-You are a great guy with a great family-amazing future!
-I'll be doing On the Record With Greta Van Susteren tonight at 10 P.M. Greta is a Terrific person who really gets it!  (FOX).
  True!
 Thanks
 A one-sided piece of garbageand I wonbig success for Scotland!
 Wow!
_NY Thanks.
 Very true!
 I don't hate him but he made some really bad decisions.
_Inc Much can be done and it would be easy!
_ashe No
 True!
Being true to yourself and your work is an asset. Remember that assets are worth protecting.  Think Like a Champion
Ignorance is inexcusable; its the surest way to fail. No acceptable reason exists for not being well informed.
This Sundays All-Star Celebrity  features the return of _Rivers.  Sunday at 9 PM on full 2 hours.
When you expect things to happen - strangely enough - they do happen. - J. P. Morgan
Often times being innovative is simply putting together pre-existing elements into something new. Be resourceful &amp; expect success.
Get ready for fireworks_Rivers &amp;  face off in the Board Room this Sunday on All-Star Celebrity .
Does Bushs library have a wing featuring Supreme Court Justice Jon Roberts ObamaCare ruling? Roberts was his prize appointee!
Just as I predicted
The Boston terrorist thugs mother is also a radical.  I am sure she will be granted citizenship shortly.
Looking forward to addressing   'Road to Majority Conference' on June 13th Study your area of business. All business involves risk
Can   and  continue to co-exist? Find out on this Sundays Celebrity All-Star .
To be in charge
MUST READ ARTICLE Immigration reform could be bonanza for Democrats Do as I say
House Republicans should be doing everything possible to defund ObamaCare.  Instead Leadership is funding it  I certainly didin spades.
 So true.
 I will
We need another Bush in office about as much as we need Obama to have a 3rd term.  No more Bushes!
. continues to defend the billions it pissed away on green energy failures Dangerous. While Obama is cutting down our military
After tearing W Bush down for 12 years
Pervert Alert! Serial sexter  has promised to use twitter as a tool. Parents
Weiner says many more pictures may be out therethis is just what NYC needs
Via  Trumps $200M Old Post Office Project Gets Early Approval  Do you believe- once upon a time Jon Stewart really liked me? From 2004.  I never went bankrupt
 Maybe Obama?
Wow
 At the US Open Tennis Tournament with - see same hairstyle!  True
 That is true!
   No!
   Thanksthe haters &amp; losers know that too.
...What is wrong with this story? Isnt this just ridiculous? Terrible! 
..and now holds an adjunct professorship at Columbia University. Boudin also received an academic laurel from NYU Law School...
Former Weather Underground radical Kathy Boudin spent 22 yrs in prison for armored-car robbery that killed 2 cops &amp; a Brinks guard...
  what would you feel about Jeb Bush running for president in 2016? The last thing we need is another Bush!
  The most over-rated person on the planet
  best advice my great uncle Egon Dumler ever gave you??  Invest in real estate-Egon was a great lawyer &amp; guy.
   Thanks.
   Thanks.
    go on the daily show then and prove yourself. I would triple his ratings-nice no.
  Wrong on all counts dopey-you forgot to say taller than me!
 You are so stupid!
  That is true.
   Wow
   Only a moron would overrate him! He's overrated
   Looking forward to watching him destroy you again while we all laugh. He wouldn't have a chance!
  You aRe my favoUrite! Someday U Could be prez. How About a rt Good luck.
  No
   My 17th bday is tomorrow D plzzzz will u retweet me...  Happy B-day!
  I hear the billions calling my name
_level  is one of my role models. Thanks!
  If you were a Golf Professional where in the world would you set up your business? Doral in Miami.
   Work hard!
   Dream large
  up nice and early cuz money never sleeps!!!!  That's great - go get 'em!
. doesnt have the finances or financial statement to build the hated windfarm in Aberdeen.
.  had no answers at demonstration last night. Its a failing company. Aberdeen windmills will destroy it.
The sub-station in Blackdog is very dangerous on unregulated landfillfire hazard!  
The Council is concerned over the health &amp; safety for the village of Blackdog w/ placement of sub-station.  
The Council was shocked by the exuberance of the demonstration in Blackdog.  
The entire village of Blackdog in Scotland protested to the Council last night about the ugly windmills.  
 True and thanks!
The aesthetic
I believe Lance Armstrong had death wish when he did interview w/Oprahas I predicted
  See Trump Tower!
 That's truethey all ask!
By rejecting my ad on ugly windmills &amp;  faulty thinking on the Lockerbie bomber the ad is now on worldwide newscasts.
Do executives at  know that the business of TV centers on viewers &amp; ratings?  is  on cable My  interview on 
Watch out. Champion _Rivers returns to the Boardroom as a judge in this weeks All-Star Celebrity . Don't cross her!
Can someone explain to me how a Chechnyan permanent resident non-citizen in our country is planning Jihad while on welfare?
Sen.  has announced his retirement. A major proponent of ObamaCare
The Boston killer applying today for ObamaCare. He demands that medical bills be taken care of immediately. Does this include dental?
As everybody knows
I promise you that I'm much smarter than Jonathan Leibowitz - I mean Jon Stewart . Who
 The Scotland golf course in Aberdeen is open &amp; packedreally cool to see &amp; many are saying the greatest golf course ever built.
_Rene  trump would be a great president he would be strong and truly fight for the US. freeing up the market.Thanks
_Hub__  Grew up in family business at a time when passion &amp; competitiveness were the norm. We have lost that Trump drive
The mother of the Boston killers (not suspects) says her boys are totally innocent and were set up-I can see the 14 year long defense now!
Lance Armstrong just got sued by the Federal Government-they want their money back-I told you so! What was he thinking when he did that int?
   Mr Trump
Scotland does not have free press
   Big pollution during manufacturing and building process!
  I have on the sharpest blue Trump tie on today. Going to win!   Go get 'em!
  makes me laugh. I'm so glad I found him on Twitter. I'll always be a fan!  Thanks!
_ACKMANN i'm about one more tweet away from unfollowing  and following Mac Miller.You'll be bored and back very fast!
_ACKMANN  how do you really feel about Mac Miller?  He used my name without my permission and song became a Great hit
  this from the guy who advocated freedom for mike Tyson? Oh
  Why don't you just block the morons that try annoy you? They make me feel even smarter-not worth the effort!
  What other attacks?  Read the transcripts etc.
  they were wildin
  so should the makers of this documentary be fired? No
  Where is the evidence ? All over the place!
  the point of the documentary is that they were innocent - they were attacking innocent people in the Park!
_Foy  Didn't some other guy admit to actually committing this brutal crime? Yes
  Great!
_   They were viciously attacking other people in the Park-nice guys?
I have many great people but also an amazing number of haters and losers responding to my tweets-why do these lowlifes follow-nothing to do!
    Jon Stewart is not a match
  lol ur delusional. He's got more smarts in his left nut than u do in ur whole wig!! Wrong dummy-no.contest!
  I'm finally all caught up w    Great!
_  No melting of ice caps in the degree that global warming predicted. On the contrary increased ice in Antarctica
  this season of the appentance is great   Thanks!
  the fucking truth we need our jobs back! That won't happen without new leadership!
   but then there would be no celebrity apprentice... I would die without it!!  And so would others!
   Thanks!
 i firmly believe that  is the most superior troll on the whole of twitter. that is all.A great compliment!
    Jon Stewart is MUCH smarter than you. Jon L isn't even close!
  but they didn't do it you wished death on innocent children - who were brutally attacking people in Park!
 Advertising Standards Authority has ruled  anti-windfarm ad misleading  Not misleading
The Central Park Five documentary  was a one sided piece of garbage that didn't explain the.horrific crimes of these young men while in park
  Victim never died so they would not have been given death penalty-but did you see what these innocent boys were doing?
 Advertising Standards Authority has ruled  anti-windfarm ad misleading. Political ruling to save joker Salmond
_com   Perhaps
   Please run for president
   They devalue everything
_rob  like ugly
The Chinese talk of climate change and carbon footprint but don't clean up their factories-but they sell us the equipment to clean up ours!
Wrong
  Why dont you just get in there and run for President? you got all our votes  Thanks!
   Wind turbines will quadruple your electric bills and destroy the value of your home. Lot's of chicken soup however-bird kill.
_fullerton   No
_Samoht  ... And now Ur an expert on gun control ... Is there anything Ur not an expert on?   No!
It was great to have  veterans George Ross and  back in the boardroom. North Carolinas most exclusive club
Will  be fully clothed in his mayoral ads?
Sexting Pervert  has returned to twitter. Parents of all underage girls should BLOCK him immediately!
Did the Boston terrorists register their guns? No. Another example of why gun control legislation is not the answer!
The dying  circulation has dropped &amp; its newsstand sales have plummeted by 20.1 percent .
This past Sundays All-Star Celebrity  continued to win the key demographic of adults 25-54. An amazing run!
Ive always been a fan of Steve Jobs
Its freezing in New Yorkwhere the hell is global warming?
The object of war is not to die for your country but to make the other bastard die for his. - Gen. George S. Patton
In three years people wont be building wind turbines anymore - they are obsolete &amp; totally destroy the environment in which they sit.
  I'm sorry you feel terrorists deserve to enjoy the just system setup by the united states. You are nuts!
  - you are the best- ive been a supporter since i was old enough to read Thanks Adam!
   Yes!
Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference. - Winston Churchill
If your enemies end up liking you its because they beat you.  You want their respect
_jim Macy's ships to Canada! Just go to Next time you are waiting in an emergency room remember the Boston killer was rushed to intensive care within minutes of capture.
Our enemy China is illegally buying oil from our enemy Iran Will Barack Obama personally read the Boston terrorist his Miranda Rights?
  Happy Birthday Mark.
. survives another week of All Star Celebrity . Gary is shifty and playing to win.
In light of Boston
Sorry to hear  was dead last
  Great wife!
  Great!
. did a great job on All Star Celebrity .  Raised a lot of money for charity while looking great.
RT _REPORT Trump 'Is the Boston Killer Eligible for Obama Care to Bring Him Back to Health?' The Boston killer will soon be asking for a Presidential pardondont give it to him
. int. on how the Boston thug deserves death penalty
The big problem for little  is that hes going to have to have another hit song
. has over 79M hits on YouTube &amp; just hit platinum with his Donald Trump songscrew you Mac!
 Thank you.
 Los Angeles or Scotland!
Spent the weekend in LA checking out Trump National Golf Club on the Pacific Ocean. An amazing place!    you r the most honest and real person on twitter. Twitter was invented for Trump! Thanks
 Savannah
      Actually the first of many Trump ties because of look
  I know you wear mainly Brioni ties. That's wrong
    Donald - they are top notch
Me
_Trey  I say if Obama is so set on universal background checks
Will be doing Fox and Friends at 7 A.M. (in 20 minutes).
    Love your ties Donald! They are quality and I own many!  Thank you!
   Yes we can oh foolish one
  You need to run for President and get this country back on the right track! Trump 2016  Thank you!
  You are a terrible human being.  That's only because you don't know me!
My ties and shirts are doing very big numbers 's
What did you think of the boardroom? 
George also appeared on Saturday Night Live when I was guest host in 2004. A great time! 
George Ross and I have done some great real estate deals together. Hes a tough negotiator. 
Looking forward to 's book of Buseyisms!
Romance or Adventure- what do you prefer? 
For you newcomers
George has a real twinkle about him says . Really? The shark should be scared. 
This assignment has been a challenge to both teams. 
This assignment has stretched not just the imaginations but the patience quotas of  and . 
George Ross could be right would be better in the adventure task than the romance task. 
. isnt excited about their ideas. Are you? 
. is making no attempt to help. Is he in BuseyLand? Their team is short on help already 
How stressed are  and  already? 
I hope you are watching the Apprentice...tonight's show is great and Brett Michaels is back!
Everybody loves ! Hes a great champion and this is where he should be. He agrees!
. and George Ross are back as advisors. Good to see them! 
. presents the NJ Coast Red Cross a $40
Seems like the teams are surprised when  comes back. 
What do you think of water boarding the Boston killer sometime prior to allowing our doctors to make him well? I suspect he may talk!
Make the Boston killer talk before our doctors make him better. Once he is well he will say
Don't forget to watch Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9pm...you will love it!
I don't know how Al Michaels could have been drunk and arrested on Friday night if he was totally sharp on Saturday morning.
Great sportscaster Al Michaels
If the Boston killer applies for Obama Care the paperwork will be too complicated for him to understand!
NO MERCY TO TERRORISTS you dumb bastards!
Can you imagine the Boston killer being lovingly tended to in a hospital room right next to his victims who lost their arms
Bullshit-Pop gave me knowledge and a relatively small amount of money (split between brothers and sisters) and I built it into over 9 bill.
  just a playboy
  Tell me
Watch Gary B tonight on Celebrity Apprentice-some really crazy things happen!
Getting back to the nicer and more normal parts of life
  do you try to make everything about you?  YES!
   Great!
You are right
I know some of you may think l'm tough and harsh but actually I'm a very compassionate person (with a very high IQ) with strong common sense
Didn't the Boston killer even run over his own brother with a car in order to get away?  We are not dealing with an innocent baby here-DEATH
When the stupid people start feeling sorry for the Boston killer and want to release him and give him medals
I hate when the news media
The shirts and ties at Macy's are so good-beautiful and do so well that guys like the one that sued me wrongly want a piece-l kicked his ass
I just won a big Court decision (N.Y. Post) against some character who claimed I owed him licensing fees on success of my shirts and ties.
Oh no
  how do u feel about Marco Rubio?  Drinks too much water!
  Mr. Trump? How can people hate such a brilliant person?  It is hard to believe
  how did u feel Bout Mitt??  Very nice guy but just didn't resonate with the voters!
  don't forget George W Bush
_jim  Can you tell me if there is any retail outlets in Canada that sell your Apparel Will get back to you!
  your family is inspiring - rags to riches in three generations. God Bless America. Thanks Megan!
   Great going!
Sorry
  Sir
 What was  greatest accomplishment this week? Employing thousands of people!
  I don't think the haters or losers bother Donald one bit haha. Do they affect you in anyway? No!
_Rembert  has a lot of haters. Not haters
    you're not really smart Mr. Trump
  That's great!
  what a great fragrance success is. Love the sentiment and it lasts all day. Thanks Donald No
  What house makes your cologne? I'm going to Macy's to get a few of your ties and cologne! The best! Thanks!
  Thanks!
   It's saddens me to know someone so moronic can become so rich.  Perhaps I'm really smart?
  its because of people like you the bombings happened in the first place. Oh
  If my little girl was old enough for Twitter
_ayooPRINCESS . Many people dislike  but the man is the man and I can't lie  .  So true!
_Murray Getting ready for Brian Williams to publicly humilate  on national television again.Brian is not smart enough
  I love when you get your Haters all twisted up. You would make another gazillion $ as a comedian  you!
 If he was white u wouldnt be saying that shit. RT.  He is white dummy! What have you been taking!
_k  I love you! Run for president and save this country!!!!   It needs saving!
Great job by the FBI
_Majoy  this may be the best tweet in the history of twitters existence  You are too kind!
  in my opinion you are the best human being ever! I like that better-thank you!
_21  You are
Is the Boston killer eligible for Obama Care to bring him back to health?
Read my tweets you dopes-of course he should get a trial-but fast (not a 12 year disaster).
You must be kidding-zero chance he is innocent!
 _bieber  Tell the victims and their families about this guy's rights.  Terrible!
  what good will killing him/her do? He'll never kill again-and others will start to think about consequences!
_INDYpendent  Maybe Anthony Weiner can serve as editor in chief! But then  would become X-rated!
Get ALL the info
  I just watched the  documentary. It was a one-sided piece of garbage-a total disgrace!
. should stop apologizing for the mistake they made the other day &amp; get back to reporting!
David Pecker would be a brilliant choice as CEO of TIME Magazine  nobody could bring it back like David!   You've got it mixed up.  Chechnya is not the Czech Republic.
Lots of commentsDo you really believe these two brothers operated alone without influence of others?
The 
These Tsarnaev brothers did not work alone. They had help and assistance from other cell members. Be vigilant and on the lookout.
South African Tourism North America will unveil its new ad campaign Whats Your BIG 5? on All-Star  this Sunday.
Another great shot from the beginning of construction at . With  and crew at the start of a new . Being tough doesnt mean being nasty
Sometimes people spend too much time focusing on problems instead of focusing on opportunities.  Think Like A Champion
Pervert alert! Sexter Anthony Weiner will be running for Mayor of New York City.
 With  almost 35 years ago- Featuring top spa in New York
_stef Great
_ Hi Dan and good luck!
  We need someone!
 Great!
Amazing!  Watch  fans take over National Anthem during pregame ceremonies One reason many people do not do well in business is because they do not do well with people.  Midas Touch
The reality is that no gun bill will ever stop tragedies.  And as we have learned from ObamaCare
 Thank you.
    LOLss. I wonder if the false info comes from hate OR just lack of knowledge.Hate
   Trump does not own the hotel. He just licensed him name out for it. Wrong
   He tried last cycle and failed miserably. Never ran yet lead in the pols you moron!
 The day  runs for president is the day this country can get back to being great again  Wow
  My husband and I went to Las Vegas in August and stayed at the Trump Hotel. We loved it!   That's great!
  Mr. Trump please keep up the great work on all fronts...Your an inspiration to everyone. Thank you!
  Prez shows more anger about US Senate not passing guns bill than he does about the Boston bombing. Interesting!
   What is the most important lesson you've learned in business? Never give up!
   if he had gone
_7  could you run for president ? We need you!  We need someone!
  [THE] top luxury public golf course in the country   I highly recommend you follow  if you don't already. The man's a genius. Thank you!
   When you die the world will be better  Very nice - you sound like a really wonderful person!
   it is an amazing place! Will be playing there in a tournament June 3 can't wait!  Win!
    what do you think the yankees will end up doing with his contract. Pay it or contess it  Contest?
  staying at Doral tonight. Can't wait to see it after the Trump renovations  It will be amazing!
  Love everything that you stand for! You are a brilliant man! Thank you!
  Interesting and true.
  Best piece of advice u would give to a young businessman? Work really hard and smart!
  Donald...he couldn't go to Thachers funeral??? Am I the only one outraged???  No!
  I wish someday i would be like you! You're my inspiration! Keep up the good work.   Thanks!
  ha! Cuban got lucky. Trump is a genius. Hope to see you at the top one day sir.  Great
  A great mind...And a role model. Thanks!
  Mr. Trump what keeps you going ?.  Love of my family
Everyone loves - here she is with _Rivers and me. Thinking small when you could think big limits you in all aspects of your life.
W/ spectacular panoramic Pacific Ocean views
Obamas $1T+ deficit budget expanded welfare &amp; green cronyism &amp; it cut domestic bomb prevention in half Druggie A-Rod
  Great!
 Thanks.
It is terrible that neither Obama
Business is easy. Dealing with people is hard. If you are an entrepreneur
Our gov't is so pathetic that some of the billions being wasted in Afghanistan are ending up with terrorists The Chinese must still be laughing at Kerrys trip to China.  He got nothing
Had a fantastic time at yesterdays All-Star  press conference with  in .
 Thanks.
Great to see  win big yesterday. Good for Boston and the country. Yesterday we were all  fans.
 Well
 Flattery!
 _LukasHall Thanks.
  Wronghe started it
 Thank you.
  Thanks.
 Our country needs a negotiatorwe are failing fast!
 Thanks.
_LukasHall Starting to follow the Donald has been one of my better decisions lately   That's great!
_E_Fresh2  is definitely a legend. A real man among men.  Thanks Doug
    Cuban could buy and sell Trump 2x!!  Wrong moron
_KateMorgan_ I'd say  is a legend  I work too long and hard to think about it - but thanks!
  His opponent should not agree to any debates as I am sure he is a master.  Re me?  Thanks!
   ya because mark Cuban is an arrogant punk compared to Donald who's a living legend Thanks!
I discuss yesterday's tragedy at the Boston Marathon in today's video blog. With  earlier today at  press conference in .  Thank you.
  Thanks.
  Thank you.
I sure hope the sexting pervert Anthony Weiner runs for mayor.  Will be great fun watching him both lose and be humiliated.
Via  Climate changing for global warming journalists by Lawrence Solomon (cont) Vegas top destination
Negotiation is persuasion more than power. Be reasonable and flexible
. RT  I live in Aberdeenshire &amp; I'm with you
. RT  This time I agree 100% I never knew how useless a wind turbine was until I (cont) .  RT  

  Yes.
The world economy is under deep stress with growth slowing everywhere.  Yet crude is over $87/barrel. Should be $25 at the most.
Congratulations to _Police
Via  Donald Trump hires top lawyer for wind farm battle Throwing out the first pitch a few years ago at Fenway in Boston- Boston will be better than ever. Via  Ratings Sunday 'Family Guy' &amp; 'The Simpsons' Down
  I know Adamhe's a great player &amp; great guy!
Its very sad that the administration isnt sending anyone to Margaret Thatchers funeral. She was a big U.S. supporter.
 Very nicethanks.
   . 

 Macy's will be happyand so am I.
 You will love it!
   Thanks.
    I was not thrilled but left them in because the show is real.
Ive known _chris for a long time &amp; sadly
._chris  Did you forget about Bill Ayers &amp; so many others? You should apologize to all the people you offended yesterday.
._chris must have the lowest IQ on televisionnow telling people that domestic terrorists are from the right.
  would you mind retweeting this flier please. You could help me save 4 year old Jayden's life! Go Jayden!
We must change the laws of our land and seek fair but rapid trials for the perpetrators of terrorist acts (Boston) with harsh punishment!
My heart goes out to the people of Boston on this terrible day!
RT  The Trump Hotel Waikiki looks like a lovely resort   
. is impressing the All Star Celebrity  viewers with her continued success on Team Power.
Despite firing  in last night's All Star Celebrity 
In case you missed it
My  interview re 's pregnancy
From 10-11 pm
.  and  with    Great shot! Will be doing Fox and Friends in two minutes!
 Ivanka Trump is the best thing  ever created.  
 
 Love the ties! Where can I get them?    Macy's!
Do you think I made the right decision? 
Who do you think is going home? 
The home of the boardroom- - Product integration is very important. 
Im impressed  both teams have produced very entertaining silent films. 
Great shots of  
Do you know how many years  starred on Taxi? 
What is your favorite  film? Tonight's short film? Point Break? Lethal Weapon? 
It's boardroom time! Does anyone miss ? 
. and 's arguments are making the edit room look like the boardroom. 
Based on the shoots- which silent film do you think will be better? 
  Would they have won the task if not the misspelling? I was dying for him or Trace to ask that. YES!
. doesnt like  clich line and Stephen says Penn creeps him out. Do we sense conflict yet? 
What would you choose- Vampires or Cavemen? 
A vampire with a day pass?  We are in  land. 
. as Project Manager... is Team Power in trouble?? 
Its true gets the comeback of the year award. I didnt like having to fire him. 
A lot of comments re  vs. Milania last week. I think spelling has taken on a new significance. 
Get ready to turn to NBC for CELEBRITY APPRENTICE  TONIGHT'S SHOW IS GREAT!
_Colello  if you were president Korea wouldn't be messing with us   100% correct!
 - I am really proud of you Adam - I'll see you soon at Trump National Doral!
  The only way we can save America in 2016 will be if you run for President. Thank you!
Great job  - you deserve it!
  u r a hero to us in Nigeria/ Africa. Wen r u visiting us nxt? It wld be a dream come true to meet  Really nice
  Mr Trump are we 2 hours tonight? Yes.
 Can't wait for Celebrity Apprentice! Let's do this Gary! I hope he wins tonight. 
 ....please save our America....a democratic win in 2016 will be the final nail. True!
Make sure to watch Celebrity Apprentice tonight at  9 on NBC. A GREAT SHOW
  Canada loves you Donald! Thanks!
   I'm calling it for Jason day He probably just blew it!
_j91  If the US asked for reimbursement for defense and the Koreans declined
  are U watching  ?! It's no sure thing yet !! Yes
  happy the apprentice is back to two hours having my weekly apprentice party You will love it tonight!
 is a great guy and player!
  Why is Apprentice 2 full hours now? Ratings problems prompt NBC to end the season early? No dope
  Love to hear your thoughts on idiot Alex Rodriguez. I hope he gets run out of New York. He will be!
   I completely agree with Patty. A businessman of your caliber can successfully implement State Policies. T
_WV  Donald Trump for President. Please   You are too kind!
  Angel Cabrerra will win the MASTERS..265lbs of everyman golfer..Ole! He is looking good!
   I remember you supported John McCain just like I did. That is correct
  Please
. Good luck!
  Grow a pair Donald. Admit you were wrong to support Obama in 08.  Moron
  I think when you go on the  those are the best interviews  Howard and I have fun!
_Class  Honestly
 I'll say it
  Donald Trump is the man
 Wind Mills are highly dangerous - They tend to sheer off blades and catch fire in gales and storms   True!
 Can anyone explain why  is so unfunny on twitter and  is so funny? Jerry is highly overrated
  Donald you rock!  changed me forever. Thanks That is really great news
Remember
 Don't care what you say
  your dad's interview
 Mr  how come the US doesn't listen 2u whenever u give them advice on how deal with all the problems? They are dumb
  I liked Donald Trump on The To Night Show with David Letterman  Thanks!
South Korea must in some form pay for our help-the U.S. must stop being stupid!
China will extract much from Secretary Kerry and the US. in order for them to help us with the North Korea problem-don't let this happen!
  I thought China was good with the U.S.?  Only if you want no country left!
 I'm thinking of changing my name to Trump. Just to thank  for making my business thousands! Smart!
 Have to do an essay on a hero....... Definitely picking . Perfect idol  Very nice-good luck!
Did A Rod really try to buy the papers that would implicate him re. drugs - wow
  Are you supporting Chinese child labor? Only at The Masters!
_jaybee  are you going to return the favor to  and be the one who inducts him in to the  ? YES!
  Also true!
  Booked VIP clients to playing at the Trump Course in Palos Verdes fnn   Great-best course in California!
Remember
  just wanted to let you know your show is the best show on prime time
  Donald I am disappointed in you. you should have ran for pres. Never too late!
Bad break for -hits a great shot which hits the pin and kicks into the water-gets a bogey on hole with another great shot-Champ!
What a shame that Kobe Bryant was so badly injured last night - a truly great champion who brought the Lakers back from oblivion this year!
_b_123 thank you for creating the best show ever   Very nice
  is a true model
Ridiculous that they gave the 14 year old golfer from China a one stroke penalty for slow play at The Masters(see
  After Obama bailed out GM for $80 Billion
  Love you to death...think you r amazing and brilliant! LIKE YOUR STRAIGHT FORWARD TALK....Thanks!
I am on David Letterman tonight.
 China will only rule if we let themor are stupid.
 I only speak the truth.
Our country should be worried about nuclear control far more than gun control&amp; that one's not even close!
I talk about Obamacare in today's -   Thanks.
 Turbines will kill more birds than hunters.
  True!
 Thanks
      Turbines destroy environments and people.
  True.
Remember to take time this weekend to relax and regroup. It will pay major dividends for the next week.
My performance from last week on David Letterman _Show will be re-aired tonight at 1135 PM on CBS.
Always remember that as your success grows
Be up front and direct with people
Where is the President?  It is time for him to come on TV and show strength against the repeated threats from North Korea  and others.
The only American who has met with the North Korean man child is Dennis Rodman.  Isnt that frightening and sad?
China controls North Korea. So now besides cyber hacking us all day
.   RT                   

.   RT  - one would think the photo &amp; caption - says it all.... . is Hawaiis top luxury hotel &amp; destination. Each room features stunning views &amp; superb amenities All eyes are on  _Masters.  Hes in good position!
. RT _Pepp  Driving through Indiana and seeing tons of ugly windmills. Now I know what  is talking about
. has increased  to 2 hours until the end of the seasonfull 2 hour episodes starting at 9 PM EST
Via  Trump empire planning to build a presence in Sydney   Re Scotland. I'm in Scotland and you are absolutley right about the wind farms. Hideous and horrible things.
  Why did you support Obama in 08? I didn't dummy!
  Thoughts on Kerry visiting Seoul amid missile crisis.. Tell them that they must pay us for protection!
  if u were to suggest 1 most important thing to president Obama would b??  Leadership!
   we need the art of the deal Very true!
   WE HAVE NO JOBS
  I've come to the conclusion the only help for America
Don't talk to me about Bush
I can't believe we are not asking South Korea for anything. They make a fortune on us while we spend a fortune defending them-how stupid!
  we have NO leadership  No kidding!
_mats  Miss Peru Universe 2008 Karol Castillo
 Playing  International Links tomoro. Can't wait! Supposed to be amazing!  Enjoy!
 Thank you.
   Thanks.
_AJPerez   I hope so!
 Probably Mark.
Interested is interesting. If you remember that simple rule
Mr. President
Obamas budget spends $2B making our navy ships algae-powered  
The time has come. THEGaryBusey will be project mgr on this Sunday's All-Star Celebrity . MUST SEE TV!!! Back to 2 hrs.
.   Greatly appreciate your nice words re WrestleMania. Thats why you are such a respected writer.
I really liked everyone at the  Hall of Fame ceremonyfantastic people!
Congratulations to  on winning their first Atlantic Division title since 1994.  is a great New Yorker and Knick!
Congratulations to  and Jared on the big news.  I will have yet another grandchild this fall!
Opportunities only present themselves if you are out there looking for them.  Be aggressive and seize them when they come.
Go for the jugular so that people watching will not want to mess with you.  Think Big
.   RT   Margaret Thatcher NEVER would have allowed those wind mill monstrosities.
   Wonderful news
 True!
 _how  Thanks.
_Ron True!
 I will be there soon!
 Not much
  I wear my Donald trump tie every week. Incredible. Great!
_how  I'm gonna defend my thesis tomorrow. Any advice for people who have stage fright like me? Be cool!
  My 12yr old nephew is your biggest fan! Has  cologne
  Mark Cuban is a sad
  Why is Anthony Weiner attempting to run for Mayor ? Because he is delusional!
I feel so badly for Mark Cuban-the Dallas Mavericks were just eliminated from the playoffs and his partners are pissed. Very sad!
  Great!
   don't forget SUCCESS! The most complimented cologne in my collection... by far!  Thanks!
  Great!
  just bought one for my son's bday celebration to Vegas!  Great!
_a  Thanks and say hi to your son!
  do you think Bloomberg is a good mayor? Yes!
  how do you like the Dallas Mavericks' chances tonight against Phoenix? I don't!
  I hope everyone goes to Macy's today and buys some DJT ties
_CASSmoney_  Thanks!
You cannot push anyone up the ladder unless he is willing to climb. - Andrew Carnegie
. Kevin Youkilis is off to a terrific start. Hes less than half the price and a much better player than a drug free A-Rod.
Sexual pervert Anthony Weiner has zero business holding public office.
Success breeds success. The best way to impress people is through results.  Think Like a Billionaire
The $200M renovations at Trump  are right on target.  When completed
Obamas proposed budget has another middle class tax hike Donald Trump Wishes Kristen Stewart A Happy Birthday I discuss South Korea in today's all new  -   Thank you!
_Schwind Thanksand good luck.
    Thanks!
     Thanks!
My  interview w/  discussing her debut on  &amp; her skin care line   Why did you get this tattoo?!!!? I hope everyone (especially the haters and losers) goes to Macy's today and buys some DJT ties
    I say more Mr. Trump and less everything else on your network! Thanks Eric
    People still watch that? Thanks!
  whats with the ridiculously short apprentice episodes? (  Going back to two hours - ratings
Sorry losers and haters
Why did Vince and the WWE give my speech and segment the most time last night on USA Network - because that's what people want to see!
  congrats on the hall of fame !!!!!   Sorry haters
  you've raised children that young people can look up too. thats probably your greatest achievement in my mind
  will never forget the way u shaved vince's head and money fall !! U deserved to be in WWE HOF  Thanks!
  Thanks!
 Ending my life. Thanks !  Bryan
_deb
_Legit
 

 

 Prepping for my job interview by reading The Art of the Deal by  Inspirational  Good luck Mike!
With fellow inductees in front of the sold out crowd at MSG.  Class of 2013.  Talking with  backstage-   nice looking family! Of all your accomplishments
  very successful and inspiring 
What a great group!   inducts 
   Is HOF ! Thanks!
_54  and  at  was so great! That is a moment I will NEVER forget!    Thanks.Marissa!
Fellow inductee  and me.  Here I am with   Watching  get inducted from the sold out crowd. . Family group shot.  Another one of me on stage.  Making my speech.  Vince McMahon shows the crowd one of the greatest moments in WWE History.  Always nice to see the terrific  at the . Watching the show.  . was terrific.    congrats on the run with the show
Yea
In today's all new  I discuss what a great honor it was to be inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame. Watch me get inducted into the  tonight at 10PM on USA. I will be posting exclusive behind the It was great seeing  at the . Pennies don't fall from heaven
Its Tuesday
_Head_Ed   Thanks Eddie I really appreciate your nice words!
 Thanks!
Follow me on Instagram- Here I am with  and erictrump presenting the WGC  Trophy to Tiger Woods at I just left  in Charlottesville
Don't negate your own power. Whatever you've been dealt
Think positively. There are always opportunities. Keep your focus and don't give up!
The new reality. China Daily is sold in street newspaper vending machines across DC. Why not? They own the place.
Margaret Thatcher was the Iron Lady of the West. She promoted freedom &amp; democracy-a great leader &amp; ally of America.
I am very impressed by . His return to this seasons   showed who Dennis really iswhich is very good.
My  interview re the dismal job report
Thanks  is an amazing guy.
. interview re North Korea
. just finished being on by any standard
_ncislover  Have a happy one!
. will be on  today at 11am ET discussing   &amp; her  skin care collection. Tune in!
Im a star maker- Adrian has continued to receive many fans in  and  is definitely on the map! 
The boardroom and - I'm watching great entertainment tonight! 
What do you think so far? 
It appears that  is entranced with - and rightly so! 
. and  as PMs- Im proud of Dennis and his performance this season. 
The  post . Will it ever be the same?
My wife
Im at  tonight but will be doing a few tweets. I know the episode well.... 
     Bill Moyers is a good man-1000 times better then you are  He is a dummy!
Dennis Rodman is a project manager tonight on Celebrity Apprentice - watch Dennis in full action!
  But WHY only one hour?! I need my two hours of crazy.  Next week until end increased to 2 hrs
 is great tonight and stars the legendary beauty  who reveals her great skin care collection. 
  I don't even follow u and I love you  Very nice!
_obe  congrats my role model!! I always look up to you
   When we have people eating out of trash cans in this country
  When will Apprentice USA be back on UK TV? jealous of not being able to watch it like you are in the USA. SOON
   Bush murdered thousands of r troops &amp; wasted trillions $ in a needless &amp; senseless war-Iraq. TRUE!
_flawless  I kinda like the tattoo you got. Check it out guys! Starting next week
Celebrity Apprentice is rebroadcasting last weeks episode at 9 P.M. WITH A GREAT NEW EPISODE FEATURING  TRUMP AT 10 P.M. - AMAZING!
  - Congrats on being the greatest real investor of our time Thank you!
_Mohammad  should I get the red Donald trump tie or the blue Donald trump tie??? Get them both at Macy's-thanks!
My induction last night at Madison Square Garden into the WWE Hall of Fame was amazing-I met some great people
   and I backstage at WWE Hall of Fame. A great man and good friend.  I think after watching his roast I've realized that  is super fucking bad ass Props to you sir True - thanks
True
  why is  even at a  event?  Ratings asshole - I'll bet in life you are a very big failure!
  donald we are always supporting other countries  often times because we're stupid - we make bad deals!
  where's Sadam's billiions of $$ after Bush invested American taxpayer$. We were too stupid to take it-loser pols!
 I would pay cash money to see  bodyslam  just once.   He is not strong enough!
 One of my idols   A geeat compliment - Thank you!
   Do you have a helipad at Trump National LA?  Yes!
  America needs you in 2016. Your success and capabilities are enough to make the world peaceful again.God bless
China is pushing North Korea!
When is South Korea going to start paying us for the massive amounts of money we are spending to protect them from the North?
Our President must be very careful with the 28 year old wack job in North Korea. At some point we may have to get very tough-blatant threats
 Lili will call you - thanks and good luck!
I'm getting ready to be inducted tonight into the WWE Hall of Fame at Madison Square Garden - a great honor for me and the Trump family!
  Great going Ricardo!
 . Great picture Mr trump would to see u invest in some golf courses in the UK your resorts are the best
  Can't wait to see the finished product. Another Trump masterpiece ..... As usual !!! Thanks Dan re. Doral!
I am doing On the Record With Greta Van Susteren at 10 P.M. on Fox. We will be talking about the bad economy and other subjects of interest!
Spent full day with contractors at Trump National Doral - it will be amazing!   Original schedule but going back to two hours.
  Starting next week the show increases to 2 hours.
 Either is great.
 Wow!
  Thank you.
 Great
  Thanks Mark.
I will be On The Record with Greta Van Susteren  tonight at 10 PM on Fox News.
__Mickey_Mouse Thanks Basil.
  Okayhi Maria!
   Four.
 Thanks Traci. Hi to your son.
The great question is not whether you have failed
Sunday night at 9 PM EST will be re-run of last week's episode of Celebrity 
This Sundays All-Star Celebrity  has the most beautiful boardroom judges ever w/  &amp;  together!
RT  Check out my May Redbook magazine cover. Very exciting!  Only 88
...Who says the death penalty is not a deterrent?
James Holmes
Tell me
Very excitingtomorrow night at Madison Square Garden I get inducted into the  Hall of Fame.
  . Thanks for spreading the truth about China and all Donald trump. You rock brother. Donny stjohn Sag. Actor
Jobs report is really bad - beyond the worst projections.A bad day on Wall Street!
_Asuaiko one day i'll be rich and powerful like my mentor   Great!
Word is spreading that I got a tattoo - no way
  Will the Mavs make the playoffs
North Korea can't survive
 If you're not following  on Twitter
_essien One day I'd shake hands with  - my business and leadership mentor.  Work hard and good luck!
  you and your TV Show  are tremendous. Watch it every week  Thanks
I have gotten to know many Spanish speaking people as the owner of Trump National  Doral in Miami. They are smart
  best season of  yet! Great television! -)
  truly the best show on TV....  Thanks!1
Your work will never be in vain if you work for a cause that is greater than yourself.
. just awarded Trump Vineyards Sparkling Reserve 91 points - the highest rated wine in Virginia... RT   Her beauty lives 5
Looking forward to  inducting me into  Hall of Fame this Saturday in .  
I have a gift for my loyal viewers of All-Star 
The bend in the road is not the end of the road unless you refuse to take the turn.  Anonymous
Remember
Negotiation Think about what the other side wants. Know where theyre coming from. Don't underestimate them. Create a win/win situation.
Re Negotiation View any conflict as an opportunity. Be a diplomat as much as possible.
Look for good ideas outside of your own areas of expertise. Find innovations
Now AP is banning the term illegal immigrants What should we call them? 'Americans'?! This country's political press is amazing!
Obama just bought the Afghan Police $288M in ammo The purpose of Chinas massive military buildup on the Norks border is to intimidate us. China attacked us during the Korean War.
Relax &amp; clear your mind if someone is speaking
Millions Could Get Surprise Tax Bills Under Obamacare If They Dont Accurately Project Their Income RT     My two favorite billionaires!
 To Make His Second-Ever Hall Of Fame Induction Video in honor of the 100th Anniversary  of the Anti-Defamation League (ADL)  Imagine a World Without Hate We should look to China where big time pollution takes place as they manufacture inefficient and costly wind turbines for Scotland!
The haters and losers that assume I was a non-athlete and know nothing about coaches should look into my past-unlike our President-open book
I played football and baseball
The basketball coach at Rutgers looks bad but I had a coach who made him look like a baby - coaches can be tough!
   You deserve it can't wait to watch you go in. I'll be there.
Celebrity Apprentice on tonight - CNBC at 9
Another freezing day in the Spring - what is going on with global warming?  Good move changing the name to climate change - sad!
 sucks - very bland and boring with no future or hope - just like  (and many others).
Free enterprise is essentially a formula not just for wealth creation
You can't tax business. Business doesn't pay taxes. It collects taxes.  Ronald Reagan
I ask again
I think it was terrible that Tim Cook of Apple apologized to China. What the hell is he apologizing for? Steve Jobs wouldnt.
In this time of economic turmoil where millions of Americans are unemployed
. is a liberal hack whose career is being laid to rest .  Here Moyers coddles  Via _DC Trump Releases Renderings For Old Post Office Building I look forward to Saturday night and being inducted into the  Hall of Fame.
The Yuan hit another record high against the Dollar. China is laughing at our expense.
China has control over North Korea!
With the impending crisis in Korea
With Dr. Dror Paley &amp; Dr. Ben Carson with two wonderful children at Mar-a-Lago. Bob &amp; Suzanne Wright
Be passionate. If you love what you're doing
Set the bar high
In the 1030 PM ET lead-in to local news
... among ABC
...Apprentice was  among ABC
The  should immediately stop paying A-Rodhe signed his contract without telling them he was a druggie.
A-Rods salary is more than the entire . Half the players on  will have better seasons than him. A-Rod is a joke!
Are you expanding your business? Interview returning soldiers. Give them strong consideration. Their sacrifices deserve it.
Sacrificing our nations bravest for  ungrateful Iraqis = great for China. China is taking majority of the oil . &amp;  Vaccine court awards millions to two autistic children damaged by vaccine The only place where our border is protected is from Europeans. We educate them in our finest institutions &amp; then have them deported.
Immigration reform is all risk for the . Their base doesnt want it and the 12M illegals will all vote Democrat.
Today The Blue Monster is torn up. The Trump National  is being revolutionized with $200M of renovations.
 Hi.
Via  Trump warns GOP moving too fast on immigration reform Better Be CarefulDonald Trump Warns GOP On Immigration
Winning is the most important thing in my life


 ArchiveDONALD TRUMP'S GREATEST  MOMENTS My  interview on risk  for  on immigration
All-Star Celebrity Apprentice is  in the time period among ABC
. insane release of the terroristfor humanitarian reasonswill go down as a better decision..
... than his destruction of Scotlands magnificent lands.
. 
In standing by  I was  also representing many people who have addiction problems &amp; are working hard to come back.
It was my great honor to defend  on  last nighthe has come a long way and for the good!
_Said  Good luck.
. regularly features  contestants on his show. We love his support &amp; hes a terrific host.Tonight Omarosa.
  - Did you hear the cheers from Ohio??! Celebrity Apprentice is back to being my favorite show!
     Your children are GREAT role models and you are a terrific Dad. xxx
  some people look up to athletes some its musicians for me its Mr Trump. THANKS Cory!
 I will never be persuaded to not be a  fan )
  PLEASE REPLY TO ME!!! Yay! I'm your number 1 fan!!! I will die happy if you respond to this tweet D $$$$
Will be doing Fox and Friends in 10 minutes at 7.05 - enjoy!
 Going to keep tweeting until  realizes how much he is my idol 
 Who is the better boss? Mr. or Mrs. Trump? Can't wait to find out next week!  
  Will you be at the Yankee game tomorrow? Yes!
   is AMAZING. Love it
  Love every minute of .
   the best show on tv
 Yay! Yay! Yay!  is gone!!! Can't wait for next Sunday!  YOU'RE THE MAN!!! Thanks!
  officially  is back to being my favorite show! Thanks   Great!
   most powerful show on the network! No other television series comes close to it!
  love  . Favorite show of all time...every time! Great!
  Couldn't be happier! Now  is without a doubt the best show on tv! Glad you are happy!
Adrian was recognized on a Disney cruise and has had many photo requests in . We have a new celebrity! 
Great boardroom! What did you think? 
What do you think  is writing? 
 My dad &amp; I are huge  supporters we were disappointed when 2012 didn't happen!   Thanks!
. continues to do important work for  Childrens Research Hospital. I am very proud of 's philanthropy.
. has received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame about time! 
Whose artwork was your favorite and what team do you think will win? 
Piers truly hates Omarosa!
Ever see  in performance? Theyre fantastic. And so are Penn &amp; Teller. Dont miss them. 
  a world with Donald Trump is a world I don't want to live in   Wow
 The only person I enjoy following is   Thanks!
Agreed  says he and  have a communication malfunction. 
. take on  seems to be a classic love-hate combo. Piers can be tough and everyone knows it. 
Now he has made his Busey-ism into a song. 
. and one of his Busey-isms  Art is only the search
. is back! Did I see  wince? 
Read about how this hotel came into being in my book Never Give Upits quite a story.  
. on CPW in NYC is the home of the globe that has become an icon in the city. 
. judgment wasnt the best in who she chose to come back to the boardroomthat was her demise. 
Are people really afraid of  Would you be? 
_Johnson  Donald why is tonight's episode only an hour?   As per plan but NBC increased future to 2hrs
What will happen to Omarosa tonight? One of our all time great episodes!
I hope everyone
So
BIG NIGHT on Celebrity Apprentice tonight. IMPORTANT
Have a GREAT EASTER
No
  When will NYT write about vaccine damage and its price? 3 girls w autism here
Major article in New York Times today discusses the cost of environmental damage in China and how it is RAPIDLY GROWNG! Rest of World pays.
China is the biggest environmental polluter in the World
We have tremendous economic power over China if our leaders knew how to use it
 why is  not the president of the US right now?! A very good question!
  Very well said. The United States needs people like you to show what truly leadership means! So true!
  what is the solution Mr Trump? LEADERSHIP!
What do we get from our economic competitor South Korea for the tremendous cost of protecting them from North Korea? - NOTHING!
North Korea is reliant on China. China could solve this problem easily if they wanted to but they have no respect for our leaders.
  should be president
  Great advice. Yesterday
   Not recent
  DT
  sir
 RT  Everybody should contribute &amp; fight in the long haul battle against autism.     GREAT!
  Thank you GLN!
Current  really sad
  Just read book Contagious
Have a great Good Friday and a Happy Easter.
Find out who and what is the best in your field. Identify the trendsetters
Achievers go for the challenge
Wisdom comes as a result of both experience and knowledge. It's something you can't teach someone elseyou have to achieve it on your own.
This weeks All-Star Celebrity  features another memorable Board Room rumble between  &amp; .
Everybody should contribute &amp; fight in the long haul battle against autism.  
Take the time to be thorough in whatever you undertake. Remain open to new ideas. Remain fluid
Please help  with their petition to the White House for a national strategy for the autism epidemic  I watched the  on  Great interview
   mr trump
 I bet Matt Lauer is really grateful for  coming to his defense like this. Unfair story by third rate .
 Hey . My 8 year old needs to do a book report on a bad person. We picked you.  A great subject
  you were awesome on late show!   Very true - thanks!
We blow up the famous Blue Monster at Trump National Doral on.Monday in order to build a spectacular new
 . - I often times don't agree with you politically
   agreed. I won't be renewing. I got back issues that are paper weights. Bad people
_oggero  late show Was great!! We all enjoy it! Thanks!
  Mr. Trump
 - New York Magazine sucks - lifeless and dead - one of the most boring out there. Get it now
Thanks for all the nice comments about the _Show last night. I enjoyed it and David enjoyed the ratings.

Adam Moss
Employees of  should have their resumes updated. It is very boring &amp; will die in the near future. How much are they losing now?
Terrible economic numbers released today. US GDP only grew 0.4% during Oct-Dec 2012 quarter ...At the same time
Practice positive thinkingthis will keep you focused while weeding out anything that is unnecessary
 Thanks Anthony.
 True and thanks.
 My father
 I will.
Once you consent to some concession
Rambling and stumbling _chris is as dumb as a rock!
 If you want to know what it means to have a genuine business mind and attitude
  was amazing on Letterman. When are you officially going to announce you are running for President in 2016?
  Trump for President 2016!   Thanks!
 Speaking from a military point of view
  letterman's ratings were off the roof. Was it the TRUMP effect?? YES!
Trump Signature mattress is from Serta - the best there is! Thanks
  you're the man! You should run for president! Thanks!
  worked  theBrick here in Canada 15 years sleep on the Trump mattress
 If you want to know what it means to have a genuine business mind and attitude
  Trump for president 2016
_GRACE_  loved you on the letterman show. I have a whole new respect for you! continued success  Thanks!
_KIDS  are your sold at .? .  MACY'S!
_tony_328  You are awesome! Thanks!
  my dad is a pastor here in lakeland
  You're inteligent
  I wish you had run for president! You are a very smart man! Thanks Cheryl!
  great appearance last night on Letterman. First Stern
  was incredible as always on Letterman. He surely knows how to handle it. Thanks!
  Just watched You on Letterman. You were Brilliant! Such a well-fed brain. I enjoyed You
   Trump is an American that will pay more taxes in one year than you pay in your entire life.
  this interview made you look down to earth. Romney should have done Letterman.
  great interview
  great job on Letterman. Thanks!
  Good Job Donald. I'll call NBC a see if they'll giv you Leno's spot..lol
  You forgot to mention that you're going into the WWE Hall of Fame.
  should run in 2016  Thanks for your nice thoughts!
_e_smith9  did AWESOME on Letterman! I just love him! Thanks Sarah!
_R_II  you were awesome! Honest
  is just amazing
  ya hit it out of the park.  from a Canadian   Thanks!
  is far nicer and real on Letterman than he is on twitter  Interesting!
  you did awesome! Always shooting and keeping letterman away from attacking the GOP and joking on you. Great!
  Great job on Letterman. I have always been a big admirer of yours. Thanks Jim!
  u were great   Thanks Carmine!
  You did great Mr Trump! Wife and I watched. Loved your Walmart answer. Thanks!
  I thought you did a great job with Letterman. Thanks Jevon!
 Loving  on Letterman! Could listen to him talk all day long. You say it like it is and that's why we love u!
  Run for President and have David as your wing man. Cute!
  Nice job Mr.Trump! Smooth
  paired very well with Letterman tonight. Thanks!
  _Show... watched you Letterman.. Good Job! Your Hired! Thanks!
 Nice job  on . Thanks!
  awesome job on Letterman! Thought it was a great
_waller  Great job! Way to take the high road on his attacks on conservatism. Your always a class act! Thanks Tom!
  Although I cannot speak for them
  did an awesome job on David Letterman! Thanks!
  Awesome as always! Thanks!
  great job. Very entertaining segment with interesting observations and insights.  Thanks!
  I always enjoy your interviews and think The Apprentice is terrific. Looked great on Letterman. Thanks!
  You were great
  you did great on letterman  Thanks Kenneth!
_Lanser  you and David letterman were fabulous tonight!!!!! Great job!!!!! Thanks Joe!
  please tell me you are going to run for president in 2016?? Thanks for the nice thoughts
Going on Letterman now - let me know what you think - how did I do?  Here we go!
 RT  I live in Maine and let me tell ya Wind Turbines are a Disaster.
_OBM  I am a local Aberdonian. The coast is beautiful - it will be totally ruined with these vile
    Thanks!
_b     was doing the same
     Hasn't anyone learned anything from TBoone Pickens' disaster.
  Iowa is the second leading state in the nation when it comes to wind energy! Sad distinction
   
.  RT  just sitting here looking out over Aberdeen bay. These clowns cannot be allowed...
... to build a wind farm and destroy this view!
.  RT   im proud to be scottish
.  RT   Ask our Canadian neighbors who abhor the windfarms.  And poor Scotland
 Blackdog folks are very smarttheir home values &amp; lives will be destroyed.
 _Show I hope so!
  Fantastic foodthanks.
 Thanks is great!
  Hope I do well!
 Great! Thanks.
Getting ready to do the David Letterman _Show  tonightI hope you all will watchI think!
Aberdeenshire coast is spectacular. Its historic value &amp; wildlife will be tarnished if these wind turbines are builtbut they won't be!
To all journalists
Less than two weeks until   XXIX.   v.  willbe epic! Excited to be inducted into the Hall of Fame.
. continues to do important work for  Childrens Research Hospital. I am very proud of 's philanthropy.
  Yesand thanks.
 Thanks Bobby.
 Thanksand good luck!
  Thank you.
 KateAll my best wishes to you.
  Interesting and often true!
. is an extraordinary entertainer &amp; magician whose star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame is long overdue. Very proud of him.
Congrats to fantastic All-Star  celebrity &amp; illusionist  on being honored at 2013 Hollywood Walk of Fame!
Via  Oakland County High Schoolers Have Chance to Win $1
Last night's  's interview by  of gorgeous 2012   In case you missed it
The developer of the Scottish wind monstrosities
General Petraeus should stop apologising and get on with his life. He is a good man and should have a great future.
The new selection of ties
I'm doing The David Letterman Show tonight -should be interesting!
   Great - call me
Great piece on Extra tonight re. Celebrity Apprentice!
  I really miss  on All-Star Apprentice Will he be back as a judge? Yes!
Sometimes we do things to build up experience and stamina to prepare
Many of  friends were quick to abandon him in his time of crisis. Now Tiger knows who he can count on.
Many people look at successful people &amp; don't see anything but the end result. They don't see all the work that went into getting there.
When somebody challenges you
When someone can discourage you
FLASHBACK Hiding evidence of global cooling Via  Trump joins with Chandler in bid to attract events   This is from someone who knows they are a disaster.
Donald Trump shocked by 'stupid decision' about  on '' Via  Donald Trump warns of dangerous precedent in Cyprus bank skimming ...and now Alex Salmond pushes ugly turbines!
FLASHBACK Alex Salmond pleaded with Donald Trump to back release of Lockerbie bomber The off shore Aberdeen wind farm site is experimental &amp; has no track record delivering energy. The Scottish windfarm was conceived by the same mind that released terrorist al-Megrahi for humanitarian reasons. ..
al-Megrahi  was the man who blew up Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie
 Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles.
 Greatgood luck.
 Thank you!
The radar
The windfarm approval in Scotland is subject to many conditions that can never be met - will be tied up in courts for years! 
. has made a truly great comeback - he is number one again! Give him credit
For all of my many Jewish friends
Good Morning America weather headline for U.S. - NEVER ENDING COLD
   Very good Joel!
 I mean it when I say I would take a bullet for     Wow
Strive for wholeness and keep your sense of wonder intact
After decades of our leaders allowing China to steal our jobs &amp; R&amp;D
...Re ChinaI told you that a long time ago. Chinas top academics are working w/ PLA in cyber-espionage of our state secrets &amp; R&amp;D Obama has now become the weakest POTUS against China
Luck does not come around often. So when it does
I hope everyone enjoyed Palm Sunday!
 Thank you.
 Thanks
  Thanks Chuck.
Even the liberal CRS is now reporting Obama Care will cause 200% premium increases  Cyprus is seizing private bank accounts as collateral for 10bn bail-out. We owe $17T. Think it cant happen here?
_mastro You may be right!
    Watch next week!
 2 decades in the conservative movement and look where the conservatives are nowyou're fired!
  Very nice
 Thank you Nadine!
   She is a fabulous woman!
  Thanks Jennifer.
Donald Trump to visit metro Detroit in May UK is freezing through longest &amp; coldest winter in over 50 years They changed the name from global warming to climate change after the term global warming just wasnt working (it was too cold)!
Its springtime and it just started snowing in NYC. What is going on with global warming?
Uh oh  &amp;  once again reunite in the Board Room in next weeks All-Star .  Fireworks!
Via _Media Trump at CPAC What Really Happened  Last nights All-Star  once again showed why the ultimate onus lies with the project manager. The buck stops there.
What did you think of my decision? 
Adrian also gives autographs if you stop by the lobby of . 
Thats Adrian in the elevator he works at  &amp; hes got a lot of stories. 
People ask about . She is actually a VP of Marketing at the Trump Organization. 
Who are your favorites on Team Power? Team Plan B? 
What team would you choose to win? 
Lets see what happens in the boardroom 
. is always hard to miss-especially when dressed in silver finery. But not sure about the silver lipstick. 
._Rivers I know youre watching- what did you think of your impersonator?
They should have got Darrell Hammond as the Donald Trump impersonator. 
With  on top of the truck the crowd definitely buzzed. 
What do you think of  Donald Trump head? The hairs not quite right
. admitting shes a threat in the boardroom- thats not revelation knowledge. 
. thinks  is ping-ponging all over the place. Do you agree? 
Always good to have  back as advisor as well as . They have their own fan clubs at this point. 
. mother thinks Im very handsome. Now I see where Stephen and Alec get their smarts. 
. &amp;  are not likely to become friends ever! 
Last weeks boardroom was truly epic -and the dust hasnt settled yet. 
  wish we had politicians that were like you... Maybe the we could cut some debt then.   Thanks!
_Somat  Your Apprentice is so much better than ours in the UK. You're so much better than Alan Sugar! Thanks!
  I just stayed at the Trump hotel in Vegas. I love it!!! Great!
  please don't forget us people on the west coast   I won't-thanks!
   The Man
  yay can't wait Donald
_Shady2o3  yay i cant wait mr trump! You have the best show on tv on sunday nights!  THANKS!
  .. Are you ganna tweet live?   YES!
I will be tweeting live tonight during Celebrity Apprentice - 9 o'clock on NBC!
Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9 on NBC - some amazing things happen!
_Masucci   is my favorite celebrity in the world! I can't believe she met him.  Great and thanks!
   Thanks Brian!
   Thank you - a great compliment!
  I agree Donald Please run for president. Your alot smarter than Hillary. America needs you.  Thanks!
  2016
 I wanna be  when i grow up p ! Work hard and smart!
  what the world needs is Trump for president so the world can start making sense again.  Thanks!
  SICK!!!!  is my idol   Thanks Austin!
   True Michael!
     Thanks Phil!
  better run for president in 2016 so i can vote for him.   Thanks!
Wow - they are really killing Jay Leno - let him go out with dignity!
 _ The truth will soon be revealed and everyone will say  was right!   Many people think so!
 The amount of Trump Towers in New York City is ridiculous. No simple man can build such an empire like .  THANKS!!
_  Honestly who gives a shit where Obama was born? It's where he lives now that's the problem    Interesting!!!!
Don't blindly pursue a career that others suggest or insist is right for you. It may be worth taking a pay cut for a job you love.
Via  Donald Trump to Speak in Novi This May Looks like the U.S. will be having the coldest March since 1996-global warming anyone?????????
Trump organisation backs community battle against substation . is ranked the top course in the West Watching the madness in Cyprus? If our government keeps spending trillion dollar deficits
This Sunday's All-Star  features some of the biggest fireworks of the entire season. Get ready.
. Trump Trashes  On TwitterYou're A 'Dummy' &amp; 'Were Born Stupid' RT  Personally I think it is awesome that  listens to  on the radio. She's awesome.
   True.
. would be nothing without being on the  show.  I dont see what Sean sees in herloser!
 Thanks Jim!
  Thank you.
When I think big
 Thank you.
 Very nice Christhanks!
 Do not give up
 You were born stupid!
 Pay attention
See yourself as an organization. Pay attention to every facet of your life. Whats strong? Whats weak? Whats missing?
The difference between stupidity and genius is that genius has its limits. - Albert Einstein
There wont be any new gun legislation. No surprise. Americans support the 2nd amendment.
Life always presents new opportunities you would never expect. I hosted  &amp; then I starred in one
Make no mistake
Problem with  is not their message
According to 
Heres something about Donald Trump
Yes
It wont stay a buyers market forever. If you can
Via  Via Donald Trump makes plans for Menie Estate marquee Remember the golden rule of negotiating He who has the gold makes the rules.
Its snowing &amp; freezing in NYC. What the hell ever happened to global warming?
.  Marknice picture
   Great going!
Celebrity Apprentice on in 5 minutes on CNBC - it's great!
  I have to say your a better host than Alan sugar who does the uk version    Thanks!
Celebrity Apprentice on CNBC tonight at 9.
The  will be broadcast tonight on  at 9 PM.
Haters
... but like many other great business people have used the laws to corporate advantage.
For the haters
Almost every major dealmaker has used the bankruptcy laws as a business tool...
... Icahn
People buy deals &amp; immediately put them into bankruptcy in order to make better deals...
... It is very effective and a commonly used business tool.
Why do the losers &amp; haters always say I wear a wig when they know I dont.  Like it or not
  Win!
 Thanks.
 Happy Birthday Christine.
_69   Good luck!
  Very nice!
  Great and thanks.
   Thanks Cheryl.
My shirts
.  is smart and strategic. People should cut her some slack and respect the way she works on .
   Thanksand good luck.
Shocker study reveals that  is completely biased while  is factual .   XXIX less than 3 weeks away.  Looking forward to being inducted into the Hall of Fame!
_thabane Happy Birthday.
The NFL has just barred ball carriers from using helmet as contact.  What is happening to the sport? The beginning of the end.
Playing golf with business associates creates a relaxing atmosphere where everyone has fun...
... Thats why so many huge deals are closed on a golf course.  TRUMP 101
 Quite nice
 Trump
 _chris Chesterunreal.
Board Room finale of this weeks All-Star  will leave viewers wondering where the rest of the season goesIt's great!
Its a shame to hear that the  is failing. No one wants the paper
 Thank you.
 Thanks Jaynie.
  Thanks Jason.
 John was greateverybody misses him. Best wishes.
. just announced that all 1 hour  episodes are being expanded to 2 hoursits amazing what good ratings will do!
Donald Trump Takes on Apple  I remained strong for  during his difficult period. He rewarded me (and himself) by winning at Trump National Doral.
.
._chris very small audience is shrinking rapidly because people finally understand that he is very very dumb!
 Yes and best wishes.
 Thanks and good luck.
 There are 2 people with whom you don't want to be on their bad side- God's... &amp; 's!  I want to be on God's side!
   nobody is on the dons level. Lets be honest donald trump is the man Very nice
_hanson800   Hi Chris!
You can have the best product in the world
 Thank you!
 Thanks Wusong.
_Hamilton69 Thanks Michael!
 Thanks David!
 Thanks Seth!
 Thanks Metalchick!
_96  I have none!
  Emilytrue and thanks.
.  Mark
Passion motivates. Passionate people don't give up; their zeal eliminates fear. Passion can also create business opportunities.
Donald Trump helped expose the silliness of the move by offering to pay for the White House tours. Congratulations to _Party MK  on being offered Deputy Defense Minister of IDF by  .
If youre sitting in an office working in a job you hate
 Yes and thanks.
 Hi Colby.
10 yrs ago today
Amnesty is suicide for Republicans.Not one of those 12 million who broke our laws will vote Republican.Obama is laughing at .
. report was written by the ruling class of consultants who blew the election. Short on ideas. Just giving excuses to donors.
One of the most obvious lessons on  is for the candidates to learn to think quickly. - Think Like a Champion
Does anyone remember the fight  had w/ the refereehe was weak &amp; pathetica non-athlete trying to live life thru his players.
Why do shows have  Hispanic Chair for the losing McCain 08 &amp; Huntsman 12.  Shes a loser who doesnt deliver votes.
Sorry folks
 Thanks.
 Thanks Anthony.
__Jibz True!
  That's why I'll never be Pope!
All-Star Celebrity  continues to surprise our loyal viewers each and every week. More
It was just announced that  wont be going to mornings on CNN.  just made a wise decision.
. did a great job . Much of what she said was plain old common sense.
._chris became a super liberal Obama fan only because he must need the moneyand on  thats the way it is.
Americans may no longer have access to their family doctors because of Obamacare. . should have stayed at CNBCshe was never smart
For beauty and flight
l still think  should just bite the bullet &amp; get rid of the new batteries in the 787. Those batteries will always be a problem!
It was great having  back on this week's ! .  ratings are so pathetic
Via The Hindu  Realty brand Donald Trumps India venture to sport desi tag I dont like seeing the Pope standing at the checkout counter (front desk) of a hotel in order to pay his bill. Its not Pope-like!
._chris  is a really dumb guy(and I know him well)thats why he works swimmingly with our leaders in Washington.
Re CPAC The crowd in the main room filled to capacity by the end of Trumps address
.... to help McConnell
I was sorry to decline headlining the Reagan Dinner last Saturday due to a prior business commitment. Pres. Reagan was one of the greats.
. played 3 separate audio bites (the most of anyone) of my CPAC speech. Hour 3 in Friday's show.
Be weak on immigration and ensure Democratic victory.
. is rightthe Republicans lost because they werent conservative enoughor tough enough.
But  is physically weak
   Thanks!
  Thanks!
  why are you wasting your time with Cuban? You are right!
  ... hope you have a great day! Loved your speech at CPAC. Thanks Kim!
 Love the fact that everyone who tweets mean things to  are poor idiots with no sense.  True
  Thanks!
 Just for the record  has authored more  best selling books than .   10 to be exact-thanks!
   True!
. is so short off the tee he can't have much of a punch. He's just a weak man with a big mouth!
  you got bankrupted 3 times
_r  is trumping the trumpster himself   Where do you live
WHO IS GOING TO GET IRAQ'S OIL???????
Bombings all over Iraq today.That country is falling apart-such a horrible waste of lives and 1.5 trillion dollars (and I told you so!).
   You are correct
 is very short off the tee - and his basketball sucks also!
Golf match? I've won 18 Club Championships including this weekend.  swings like a little girl with no power or talent. Mark's a loser
   Great!
_1    Hey Donald! What's the best confidence builder?   Going against losers like Mark Cuban!
   We just blew it up dummy!
    You were fantastic last night on Celebrity Apprentice - everybody loved you!
  took wife Jenn to your 16 in Chicago
    Thanks.
  when you next in Scotland Mr Trump? We miss you! April and thanks!
   lucky for me I don't live in America
_Lovin  - My boyfriend and I were in Las Vegas the other day
  Not even close!
  But I like picking on losers!
_jim  Great!
    Great!
_travis  when's good for me to head down to doral with the boys?   In September
   Stupid
   Not even close
 who would win on the golf course  or  Did you ever see Mark swing a club - the power of a little girl!
  Thank you!
   You are right
_kir96  Dan
_NY  Thanks Tanja!
   Thanks!
  What a show last night! I couldn't believe the outcome! C.A. has been my fave show for a long time! Great!
  don't waste time on your haters!Let them hate
  we know you hate Mark Cuban but what are your feelings on Kevin O'Leary? Never heard of him!
Apprentice ratings doing great - easily won the 10 o'clock hour over other networks!
  You are not as smart as Mark Cuban
_vranas    ur a pussy trump  is way richer than you  Not even close
_abey    So? what the fuck is your problem ? The people love him. Nobody loves him!
    how many rings do you have?   Nine billion!
  Mark will go down in history as a clownish buffoon. Mark my words. I agree with you-and a loser!
  I think the real solution here is you running for president! Give it a shot! We need it. Thanks!
Leverage dont make deals without it.  The Art of the Deal
Is Anthony Weiner also delusional? Add him to NY Sex Offender list instead!
Sexual pervert &amp; deviant Anthony Weiner is polling to see if he can run for NYC Mayor...
Great article by   explaining why  was biggest loser  . is 1-12 against the Western Conferences top four seeds after Sundays loss &amp;  swept the season series.
Why does  continue to embarrass the 31-35 &amp; 11TH place  with childish behavior? Really unprofessional!
Via  La Toya Jackson fired from 'All-Star Celebrity Apprentice' by Donald Trump New  report calls for embracing comprehensive immigration reform. The Blue Monster is being torn up at Trump . On April 1
. Donald Trump Tells A Fascinating Inside Story About His Dealings w/ The Obama WH . played great audio from my  press conference on her radio show.  Glad she made it!
Via  Donald Trump to CPAC Romney 'Didn't Talk Enough About Success'  Scotland will be so lucky if this monstrosity is not builtI will tie them up in courts for years
Vattenfall CEO stated that the company needed to prepare itself for falling electricity demands in coming years a  changing market.
Vattenfall
Via  TRENDING Trump a right-leaning tower at CPAC TRUMP HITS BACK AT CHRIS MATTHEWS BIRTHER RANT HE USED TO BE A MUCH MORE INTELLIGENT MAN Via  Donald Trump Obama should golf w/ Republicans
If  is not in the Board Room
Trump at CPAC 'We Have to Get the Momentum Back' .  interview discussing a budget deal
All-Star Celebrity Apprentice ranked  for the 10 oclock hour among ABC
_Johnson68   Trump Tower is open to the public.
Via  
Via  Backstage Interview w/ Donald Trump at CPAC I will not be commenting on boardroom specifics- would be unfair to the different time zones. 
True
. re  is right
. is not winning points
. new name via  Ms. Saboteur sounds rather elegant. 
. emergency has put a new spin on Team Powers presentationbut its not show time yet. 
. informs   that  is a conniving witchis he surprised? Are we surprised? 
 is a bit toxic per . Being a bit PC? 
Theres no love lost between   &amp;  Disrespectful? Who is being disrespectful? 
Music cues
. on the cover of Soap Opera Digest? Thats a credential 
And happy to welcome  back as an advisor he will have his own show and is doing great. 
. is backgood news for Plan B. 
The Paley Center for Media is a great place to visit when youre in NYC. 
. has another meltdown  while giving a check for $40
Great line from   I am an angel in an earth suit. Do you agree? 
. meltdownwas it for real?  thinks she could be an Oscar winner for that performance 
  . If mr.Trump would run he would be the best president ever   Thanks!
 You may not agree with 
The tournament at Trump National Doral was much more exciting than what is going on now!
  was ur first tee shot at trump links a snap hook?  Sadly
  I think that you should run for President and be elected to that office. Good luck in all you do. THANKS!
  Mr. Trump I love you and Celebrity Apprentice!!! You are awesome and should be president. THANKS!
I'll be tweeting live tonight starting at 9PM ET re. Don't worry other time zones
_Joanna  That's because you bring clout to anything you do Mr. Trump...Remain blessed! Thanks
  I spent my honeymoon in 2010 at the Trump Intl Las Vegas. Amazing place you've created.  Thanks!
    Annika - Thanks
_2 Looking forward to the Apprentice tonight.. ..show is still going strong !!!! Enjoy it Linda!
  Big Q Did you shoot your age? No
Best ratings for the Dateline show were for six months
 It's Endometriosis Awareness Month-176 million women suffer from this disease.
Just won The Club Championship at Trump International Golf Club in Palm Beach-lots of very good golfers-never easy to win a C.C.
Last weeks Dateline
Don't forget to watch Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9 on NBC - GREAT EPISODE!
Wow-Record ratings for WGC Cadillac Championship at Trump National Doral's Blue Monster-Most watched in seven years. CONGRATS to Woods
Huff Post His early morning speech drew a large crowd
  Great speech. All true. Some of it sadly.  Bob!
  you HAVE to run on 16. Thanks!
  you were great and are great...keep on plugging away  Thank you!
Thanks for all of the accolades on my speech today - it's all about the truth!
Honest reporters stated that the Prayer Breakfast was going on during my CPAC speech and security was very slow to let people in-long lines!
  Chris Matthews is happily smearing you on hardball. Poor Chris ! I know Chris well-he is a lightweight.
I agreed to take the worst spot at CPAC because nobody else wanted it and it was the only time I could be there - it was great fun!
WHY CAN'T THE MEDIA TELL THE TRUTH - WE WOULD ALL BE SO MUCH BETTER OFF!
TRUMP TO CPAC BUILD A GREAT ECONOMY RT _REPORT TRUMP STUMPS... Donald Trump CPAC Speech U.S. Is Run By 'Very Stupid People' Via  EXCLUSIVE TRUMP SMACKS BACK AGAINST MEDIA ATTACKS ON CPAC SPEECH  CPAC 2013 Donald Trump Immigration reform is a suicide mission for GOP The Donald Goes to CPAC TV star and hotel magnate gives his thoughts on the state of America Donald Trump The View Will be Better without Joy Behar (Video) Via  TRUMP TO REPUBLICANS 'PLAY THE DEBT CEILING CARD' For accurate reporting of my  speech
......
 at  is such a pathetic reporter who doesnt want to know the truth. A total Obama flunky &amp; hack.
Boring &amp; failing  3rd rate political reporter  had flunky  write a totally false report about me today......
..... He knows I dont respect him.
Via  Trump on Obama and Congress Lock them up in a room like Vatican conclave Via _Media Trump  The Most Over-rated Man in Politics I watched the last two minutes of the  game last night- I just loved watching them lose.
Press conference after CPAC speech this morning was excellent- lots of very professional reporters.
The CPAC speech went really well this morning- first speaker- standing ovation. I really enjoyed it.
When you think big
In the general course of human nature
. has less TV persona than  any other person I can think of. Hes an arrogant
...Those stupid people bought 's company (of which he owned a piece).
Theres a reason  partners cant stand him and on top of that
Obama hasn't released a budget in over 2 years &amp; for the 1st time House &amp; Senate delivered budgets before him CPAC attendees &amp; fellow patriots - lines for my  start at 700AM outside the Potomac Ballroom. Make sure to get there early!
Really big crowd expected tomorrow morning at  CPAC2013. I look forward to it!
Via   most likely scenario remains finishing a frustrating ninth in the West When  had his own show
I love watching dummy  promote on ok show named Shark Tankbut he is just a small part of that show.
Interview w/  discussing my WH tour offer
Good move by  in downgrading  to a dead weekend spot. This is truly a guy who shouldn't be on tv.
_greg  Thanks.
  Thanks Rick.
.  made a great decision in firing  from . The show will be better without her!
Donald Trump explains celebrity feuds 'I speak the truth' Congratulations to my Catholic friends on the selection of Pope Francis I to lead the Catholic Church. People that know him love him!
To show you how shallow politicians can be
The DC press corps is obsessed with my  speech which is scheduled  tomorrow 845AM in the Potomac Ballroom. Can't blame them.
Wowjust 1 day after my offer to fund all WH tours Obama backtracks on decision to cancel all White House tours ...
.... Do I get the credit for this? Thank you!Dummy  made up a story about a visit to Mar-a-Lago last night on Leno. It never happenedI dont talk that way.
 Thank you Dennis.
Congrats to  and  on a great five years!
I watched Mark Cuban on Jay Leno last night - what a jerk!
Celebrity Apprentice will be rebroadcast tonight at 9 on CNBC.
. Great and good luck!
You have to have a good reason for doing what youre doing
Do your homework. Wasting other peoples time due to poor planning and thoughtlessness will only leave a bad impression.
According to new WPOST-ABC poll
In making any decision
Best of luck to my good friend Derek Jeter on his first game today back at shortstop.  Captain is a warrior &amp; winner.
  The Art of the Deal and Think Like a Champion would be helpful.
. You are so good and so talented that I have no doubt you will conquer the 18th hole at the New Blue Monster 
. had its largest ever ticket sales the day of my announcement. Really an honor. Cant wait to see everyone.
The sequester is less than 2% of total 2013 budget. Why cant the WH re-allocate funds and keep the tours open for children? 
Lines for my  address start at 700AM outside the Potomac Ballroom. ACU has asked that you get there early. 
Via  Donald Trump to get more CPAC time than Marco Rubio  Good ideaI wish him luck.
 Agreed
Its sad that the WH is punishing children from across the country by closing all tours. Doesnt have to be.  WH should take my offer.
Obama Spurns Trump Offer to Foot White House Tours  Thanks Mary.
 Thanks and good luck.
 Yes and thanks.
 My best wishes.
Help save the lives of our troops.Our  suffering from TBI/PTS need treatment  Donate to Help fight autismgo to Autism Speaks
. Thanks Paul - we miss you!
  Thanks!
   Great!
   Thanksand good luck.
 Thanks Jeff.
If you love what you do
Ashley Judd's candidacy was created by Karl Rove's terrible ads
...The ads made her look great and now she probably will run.
Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected. - Steve Jobs
Whether you realize it or not
Hamas has warned Pres. Obama not to visit the Temple Mount during his trip to Israel  Thanks Spence.
 Thanks Wilson.
A note from the fabulous Mark Burnett  Donald
My  speech is scheduled Friday at 845AM in the Potomac Ballroom. Will also be telecast live on CSPAN &amp; cable news networks.
Congratulations to  on celebrating its 25 year anniversary. Great paper under amazing management!
Glad to hear  will be staying on . Elizabeth has great presence &amp; doesnt back down from sharing her views.
All-Star Celebrity  continues to dominate the Sunday 10PM slot in every key demographic. Still hot after 13 seasons!
Via  Palin
Via Trump Offers to Fund White House Tours  Via _Media Trump Says Hell Foot Bill for White House Tours A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new. - Albert Einstein
Re Ashley Judd Keep  away. He already made her a viable candidate.
Our economy has had worst recovery under Obama since the Depression. Results of his policies speak for themselves. No new taxes!
._McDowell  Great playing this weekend. You are a true winner. We look forward to having you back to Trump National Doral.
Really looking forward to my address  this Friday morning at 830. Will stress jobs
According to new employment numbers
Between a terrible press conference
.  is a great guy &amp; a total winner! He understood - he did not leave me any other choice. Look forward to keeping in touch.
 Brande Thank you! You have been a pleasure to work with.
To   He is truly a great champion and we were honored to have him at Trump National Doral.  
If you have built castles in the air
My  int. re Tigers victory at Trump  's 
. was  on network TV last night in its time slot and easily won the 10 oclock hour in all major demographics.
Let us never negotiate out of fear

 January 1961
The losing team is now back in boardroom. I can't discuss the team members or what's going on or what happens from here on out.
Re my hair-Should I change it? What do you think?
It's true... Dennis is really into this-very animated. I have never seen him this way before.
Which team is your favorite?
Re Omarosa Nasty
Does anyone agree with Marilu that Gary
Omarosa is very confident that the execs loved her concept &amp; presentation.
Next she says she's being set up by Omarosa to fail....is somebody confused?
What?!  LaToya is saying Omarosa is one of the nicest people she's met?
On the whole
Gary as the Cat in the Hat? He can work it out.
What do you think of Gary's definition of    f-u-n?
Trace delivers check to hospital in NYC  American Red Cross must be grateful to Trace and his team for their tremendous work.
Honest Omarosa she won't backstab-she'll come at you from the front.
Which team do you think has the edge in this interactive photo experience task assignment?
My 757 is incredible-I think the teams agree on that.
Will Team Power be able to withstand Omarosa as PM? Smooth sailing is not expected.
Will Plan B miss Trace?
Firing Bret was a tough one for me-but Omarosa doesn't seem to mind.
Omarosa always promises and delivers high drama...
Trace and his team raised an amazing amount of $.  Looks like a good season for charities.
There's definitely no love lost between Piers and Omarosa.
Bret had a target on his back from the get go...
That was some episode last week-we've got a great cast!
I will be live tweeting during the  tonight at 9PM ET.
I'm at Trump Doral right now
How much is South Korea paying the U.S. for protection against North Korea???? NOTHING!
Get the big picture but be prepared for the picture to change. Be persistent and alert every single day.
Resolve to be bigger than your problems. Whos the boss? Realize that fear is the exact opposite of faith.
ACU ANNOUNCES DONALD TRUMP TO ADDRESS CPAC 2013 Surprise  China has spies throughout NASA stealing our R&amp;D   Good luck.
Follow Trump  WGC  leadership board here at 's  RT  Thanks! RT   You guys  have one hell of a leaderboard. Love this Tournament.
 Be prepared to go it alonebeing an entrepreneur is not
Via  Donald Trump aims to bring luxury to Doral Golf Resort &amp; Spa Make sure to tune in to All-Star Celebrity  this Sunday at 9PM EST for another round of fireworks and surprises!
You have to be patient as well as enthusiastic when it comes to your goals. Think big
Golf is a brain game &amp; is a great way to improve your business skills. Concentration
  Good luck!
 Hi Hallmar.
  Agreethanks!
_PriNceSS  Thanks Becky.
  You are a true champion.. just started a company n I'm reading ur book 'the art of the deal' ..tremendous help..
_N_Learn  first day at Doral was awesome; greens looked perfect. Can't wait to see the course after your changes
  are they going too low for you at Trump Doral? Yes
_Average_Joee  you should run for president    Thanks!
_pala  what's the next step you accomplish so much
   named you as  greatest celebrity moment    Great!
. Great
Via _Media Trump to Speak at CPAC Via  Last year
The WGC  leadership board is available here Via _golf Donald Trump
Image is important and speaks more than the words or fine print that goes along with the product.  Midas Touch
Notice the first word in my Think Big credo Think = the 1st step. Use everything in your power to utilize &amp; develop that capacity.
Re Decisions  Cover your bases
  Thanks
  Good goal.
  Good thing to remember.
_mcmichael      Thanks Brad.
._joe - Wow - Ticket sales go through the roof after Trump asked to speak at CPAC
   great couple! Thank you!
 Good Morning
. Good luck!
 Good morning . Started reading Think Big yesterday and already almost finished. Thank you for writing it Thanks
  ticket sales spike dramatically after inviting .    Are you surprised!
. Great!
. Thanks.
 Huge fan of  i think is a very intelligent and tenacious man. Big role model to me.     Thank you.
Go to Trump National Doral
I don't know why but I feel so sorry for dummy reporter John Heilemann when I watch him on television.
John Heilemann
Trump has big plans for improving  _marisa Good to hear
_Esquire  Thanks Raul.
 Thank you.
_12  Thanks Jessica.
_deannayoung Good subject
My interview w/  re  &amp; my $200M of future renovations invested in Trump  Its been great making so many new friends at Trump  for the . Good luck to everyone!
. hope you enjoyed the premiere of All-Star Celebrity . Make sure  watches!
Via   DONALD TRUMP TO SPEAK AT CPAC RT  WHAT?!  is speaking at ? This conference just became
Via  Major makeover Trump has big vision for Doral Via  Trump 'blowing up'  after WGC- Dateline NBC
Without momentum theres a lack of energy that can lead the best of ideas to nowhere. Get your momentum going and keep it going.
It was just announced that  song DonaldTrump went platinumtell  Mac Miller to kiss my ass!
Building a brand is like building a skyscraper-the foundation comes first. The bigger the building
 It will be fantasticbe sure to visit.
 I wish him the best of luck.
RT  ACU Announces  will be a featured speaker at !  Get tickets today at Via  Trump will speak at CPACby  It is my great honor to be speaking at CPAC 2013. They are all about what's good for America.
_Kelly1  Thanks Michael.
 Thanks Evan and good luck.
Its important to promote an image of yourself each and every day. Its part of having a sense of self and a sense of purpose.
When youre at a meeting
Ernie Els and myself at Trump National Doral.     _Bagans  Happy Birthday Tiffany.
Just arrived at Trump National Doral
The Formula of Knowledge The best way to learn is through studying the history of success and failures in your industry.
  If you love what you're doing
 It will be fantastic! Be sure to visit.
Rememberthe worst thing you can do in a negotiation is seem desperate to make the deal.
  I agree
 Thanks Sven and good luck.
Rory
Heading to Trump National Doral to check the progress prior to the start of the Cadillac Championship on Thursday. Ill be there all week
Despite previous tweet
To show you how dishonest some of the press is
For those of you defending Bret and saying Omarosa should go remember Bret chose O which could also be considered a big mistake!
_Sallis MattHope you will have a Happy Birthday.
 Thanks Mary.
3.  You should tweet your pick for MVP using the celebritys name followed by the hashtag .
2.  The celebrity with the highest totals by Tuesday noon ET gets an extra donation to his or her charity
1.   Each week
If you want to be successful at anything in life
  Thank you.
China has announced it is fully prepared for a currency war Via  Donald Trump reveals first image of his new Aberdeenshire hotel Additionally
. wins 10-11 oclock hour in all key ratings demographics
Glad everyone could see Mar-a-Lago last night on . It is the crown jewel of Palm Beach.
My  interview re firing  on the premiere of All-Star  &amp; politics . Thanks!
  So
...Brande was also smart in not bringing Omarosa to the boardroom.
Brande would have been fired immediately if she didn't raise $132
I will be doing Fox and Friends at 7 A.M. this morning.
So
I'll always like  because she constantly defends me. 
. is right- he won the show because I know how to play the game. 
. looks like a movie star from the days of glamour and beauty. 
Don't worry West Coast etc. we are not going to tweet who was fired or give any indication there of until after it airs. 
Paul Teutul is always good on the show. 
Even  is impressed by . 
. as a cashier- a big mistake by . 
. are both wonderful people. Their show is terrific. 
. must be thinking of North Korea. 
. is definitely different. 
. and  really hate each other. 
. and  will be wonderful advisors. 
I cant believe he would choose  as his first choice! She is hard to handle. 
I always believed  was making a mistake in coming back as a competitor. I disagree with him but... . looks better with her reduced lips. Good move
Looks like  is up to the challenge. 
How does this cast look to you? Pretty amazing. 
Losers and haters
Losers and haters are invited to watch Celebrity Apprentice along with the many great and productive people in the hope that you will learn.
I will be live tweeting during the Celebrity Apprentice at 9 P.M.  Also will be hosting Dateline just prior to Apprentice at 8 P.M.
. Allen and Gail - you will like it - see you both soon!
Everybody wants to see and talk to Dennis Rodman - he will be on Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9.
. Thanks!
  thank you for supporting the  back in the early days and now can't wait to see you inducted 
  what are your thoughts for being selected into the  Hall of Fame for . A great honor!
   it's still publishing? Barely!
.  Great advice!
  It's all about jealousy. You should just ignore their false reporting. But I'd rather expose them as losers!
  Esquire is irrelevant
. True and thanks John!
Really bad article about me in the dying (or dead) Esquire Magazine. Totally false - lots of hatred. When will this boring magazine close?
_ How comes  notices everyone but me and my tweets to him! Read my tweets sir! Big fan. your my idol. Thanks.
 Would love to get a reply from  Huge fan of The Celebrity Apprentice and supporter of Mr. Trump. Thanks!
_EduardoPeraza you're such a role model i'm a big fan   Thanks Eduardo!
  I wanna be noticed by the next president of the good ol' US of A any chance of that? Yes!
.  Thanks.
  I can't wait for the big show tomorrow. I've had it circled on the calendar for months. Great Blake!
_  should run for president next election RT    Thanks for such nice words.
  youre responding to everyone else BUT me don   Not anymore Nicole
  who's Chris Jackson? A total loser but a loyal follower!
  needs to next US president!! Thanks Josh.
_  I can't wait for the  tomorrow!!!!! Thanks Mike.
. Thanks Rich.
. Thanks Matt.
_Janise. Thanks Janise!
. Thanks.
  can't wait for Celebrity  tomorrow!!        Thanks S.
  Mr. Trump
 _Kats  I'm with trump! Thanks!
Is Chris Jackson as dumb as I hear - but I still like that he follows me like a good little soldier!
. Thanks Vincent!
.  Thanks for the nice words Irv!
 I do wish people would stop RT-ing Piers Morgan. A life without Piers in it is a much better life  Wrong!
  Other than yourself - what's the ONE reason why I should watch  this season?? Gary B.
  Hate  and bill Maher. Love ya Donald. Lets buy some property together. Great deals here in Fla  Thanks.
  just purchased a few Trump ties. Great styling! Thanks.
  just purchased a few Trump ties. Great styling!
. Thanks Kevin.Trump Doral will soon be the best in the U.S.
. Thanks.
. Thanks!
Remember
. GREAT!

Everyone should cancel HBO until they fire low life dummy Bill Maher!  Get going now and feel good about yourself!
  how much would it take for you to make out with Rosie O'Donnell? One trillion
_Janise  Celebrity Apprentice is not just great entertainment
  Mr. Trump will you be at Doral next week so I can shake your hand again on the 5th tee? Yes!
. Thank you - very nice (and true)!
  Mr. Trump I just love your show. I have seen every season!! Thanks it is great entertainment! Julie Wind Love
Joseph Kennedy is really being used by Venezuela and Hugo C. in oil commercial!
RT _Clicker Get ready
 Thanks Kayla
If  people knew how hard I worked to get my mastery

Champion _Rivers loves being on the other side of the table in the Boardroom. She leaves no punches out in !
Stay confident even when something bad happens. It is just a bump in the road. It will pass.  Think Big
 Thanks Rose.
Who would have thought that an  champion would return to compete?  returns to All-Star ...
Only the Obama WH can get away with attacking Bob Woodward.
Today marks the one year anniversary of  passing. Andrews mission &amp; legacy still lives on. 
Due to popular demand
We should leave Afghanistan immediately. No more wasted lives. If we have to go back in
Continued success is built on building a brand people know will deliver. Unless youre . Then you just blame the Tea Party.
Newly minted diplomat  is a completely different competitor in All-Star . Dennis is a legend!
Remember
Donald Trump returns to the 'Apprentice' boardroom   Thanks
Pay attention to details. If you don't know every aspect of what you're doing
  just book Trump Las Vegas
  The Apprentice.Great show! Thanks.
  your opponents can't compete against the ratings machine that you are. Thanks
  mark Burnett is an ep on apprentice and the job. Your Producer is also your opponent? Don't care
I am happy that The Job on CBS

By popular request
Thanks Matthew!
  who should they looking at? I would tell CNN if they were smart enough to ask!
It is going to be a long and tough road to turn around CNN - they are looking at the wrong people!
Erin Burnett
  awe
  do you think  is guilty? Yes
  Did you ever think  would be the ratings machine it is for so long? No
Thank you - so nice.
  I love love love Mr. Trump he is my hero  Thanks.
  Thanks Rob and good luck.
  Good work
  Thank you.
  Thanks Jacqueline.
Do  not go where the path may lead

As China is built on corporate espionage
Are you a Democrat running in a race you should lose? Get  to run an ad against you and you will win.
  Thank you.
  Thanks Tessa.
You havent seen fireworks until you see  &amp;  go at it again! Lets just say its no happy reunion
Donald Trump Explains Why He Called Django Unchained 'Racist' In Tweet Over the years
One good aspect of the Obama depression is that it will separate the winners from the losers. If you can make it now
Remember
I am very proud of  performance in the record 13th season of All-Star . Watch.
Everyone is excited for  return to All-Star .  Be warned
Be sure to watch The History of WrestleMania on . My interview explains how I supported the event early on. I'm proud of it.
Donald Trump Returns For 'All-Star Celebrity Apprentice' Via  Donald Trump returns to the 'Apprentice' boardroom  Swing hard.
To succeed
Being the best requires full-time attention and application.  Midas Touch
    Thanks M.
  Wowvery nice
  Thanks and good luck.
 Thank you.
 Sikorsky 76
_le  Wrongnot even close!
  True!
 Thanks Gaby.
  True!
  Mostly my father.
 This Sunday
 7 months.
  I fully understand that side of the argument.
_Inker Happy Birthday &amp; enjoy NYC.
  Happy Birthday.
.
. and me at a press event for All-Star  earlier today at .... Karl Roves ads are the worst in political history!
Karl Roves stupid ad made Ashley Judd hotnow everybody is talking about her.
Ashley Judd has just thanked Karl Rove for all the attention he has given herunreal!how stupid can we get?
If Mitch McConnell wants to win his election
... Roves ad campaign has made Ashley Judd a totally credible candidate. Be careful Mitch!
How come nobody mentions that the Nielsen Ratings of the Apprentice
... the ratings of Shark Tank. Everyone was hitting on me until the numbers came inand nowdead silence!
_slinger Thanks Davis.
 Many people have said that.
   Not much!
   Thanks.
The government will spend over $3.8T this year. The sequester is a pittance of the outlays
  where do you find the time? and energy? any special diet  Just have no choice but to move forward.
Isnt it ironic that President Obama
  Thanks.
_the_honest Thanks Ed.
  True!
  I will.
 There is none.
 Interesting.
  True and thanks.
 Fantastic.
  Excellent.
 Thanks Scott.
  Thanks.
What is wrong with the ? Now they want to give all authority on the sequester cuts to Obama There was a major diplomatic breakthrough yesterday w/the White House
The Trump Doral's  is Floridas premiere golf-tournament. I'll be there! Tickets available here My  show interview with  discussing the fierce competition in All-Star  My interview w/  on  discussing 's bangs &amp; All-Star  Via  Donald Trump announced for WWE Hall of Fame Flashback Donald Trump $200M plan for Doral Is everything ok over there ? I actually got some good press from them today.
  Hopefully he will not destroy Scotland.
 Thanks and good luck.
  Great! Just won five-star ratings for hotel and restaurant from Forbes Travel Guide.
  Made a mistake but will recover.
  Yes and thanks.
 Great architect!
 I often ask that question myself.
  True and thanks.
Everyone loves TVs darling . But wait until you see her tough &amp; competitive side in the upcoming !
My  interview with  discussing the new season of All-Star  Must-see morning clip Donald Trump addresses Lil Wayne tweet and 'Celebrity Apprentice'Great news -  has fully recovered and will be back on  this coming Monday.  Barbara is wonderful!
Via _Clicker Donald Trump promises 'tough and mean and nasty' 'Celebrity Apprentice' The Pope should not have resignedhe should have lived it out. It hurts him
...and says something is seriously wrong. He will never go down as great!
. and me at the  this morning. Was photo bombed yesterday by a wise guy when I left the set of ...
..Guy in front asked for picture- said he was the biggest fan
_   I win
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have  imagined. 

Many people have commented that my fragrance
 I willthanksSuccess is fantastic.
   Thanks Terry.
_Vic   They usually put the leftovers on Friday
  Amy is terrific!
     True!
   Thanksvery nice.
 Thanks Laurafound out via your twitter!
  Thanks Kim.
 Sunday March 3rd on  at 9 PM EST
. next time you have a rally 
 Thanks Bryon.
  Wow
Heading over to and Michael re. Apprentice!
     He's great!
   Vince is fantastic!
  I had a look round Trump International Golf Course in Aberdeenshire
Just did Howard Stern Show-great time. Now doing The Today Show with Ivanka. ENJOY!
  just bought a Trump series mattress.... Awesome and exactly what you expect from Trump. Thanks
_stander  I read your books

  can't wait to watch the best show ever!!    Thanks.
  Can't wait for Apprentice to start up again 
   you should run for president! Thanks
_deeary I wish  would teach me all his little secrets to success  Good idea!
  Donald I watched you on Fallon. I love you and always have. How bout a tweet back ) Thanks.
_Christidis  You are a person someone should aspire to be   Thanks.
  on  tomorrow morning is going to be great. Donald is such an entertaining interview. Thanks.
  2016... Running for President?  Thanks.

  your the man Donald .  Thanks.
 .
  great appearance!  Thanks.
 favorite family will always be the trumps           Thanks.
  The all star  looks awesome from the clip I just watched on !!!    Thanks.
 Donald is a stud. On Late Night w/ Jimmy Fallon tonight
 One of my favorite celeb that I follow is definitely 
   awwww... I freakin love celeb apprentice and  &amp;  Thanks.
. Great and thanks.
  Proud of you
Will be on Howard Stern at 6.45 A.M. and the Today Show at 8.00 A.M.
_Janise  I'll be watching! Break a Leg! Thanks.
I'll bet Jimmy Fallon gets great ratings tonight!
Jimmy Fallon show will be great tonight - I'm on!
Why does Bill O'Reilly keep putting Karl Rove on his show-a total waste of time. Rove spent $400
On Jimmy Fallon tonight.
Dopey  still owes me $5M for charity.  I hope he pays up before  fires himwhich will happen!
  Wind turbines are a disaster!
 Thanks Bryan.
  Great!
Looking forward to the  at Trump Doral next week
. must be doing something right if 
You have to feel bad for the Democrat Senators.  They dont want Hagel either.  Just following Obamas orders.
The ruling  consultant class of losers like  have no respect for the Tea Party.  They do this at their own peril!
But why shouldn't I speak out? Don't you speak out in this country? -  George Steinbrenner
There is no comparison between  and Shark Tank in the ratings. The Apprentice beats Shark Tank hands... Just a few more days until the 13th season of All-Star  premieres.  Be sure to tune in this Sunday at 9PM on . Big!
Donald Trump Reviews Oscars Django 'Racist
  Be passionate about your work
Country music star  returns to All-Star .  Competing for 
I will be on  tonight.  Always have a good time with .  Now we know he will get high ratings tonight.
One of the reasons
... and pay per view records with Battle of the Billionaires in Detroit. It was a wild day!
It is a great honor for me to be inducted into the  Hall of Fame. This will take place on April 6...
... at Madison Square Garden followed by a ceremony with 80
Thanks Go Angelo
.....you keep forgetting to mention the fragrance
A certain whack job
..... I wonder if Angelo has a job or is on assistance. In any event
When employees are working at home they can never have the same cohesivness as working together as a group...
... Also
Now I know that Yahoo is in good hands. It took great courage for  to take away the right of employees to work at home.
Donald Trump Yahoo
Via  Donald Trump to Be Inducted into WWE Hall of Fame Via  Trump to be inducted into WWE Hall of Fame Lord
RT   Thanks for all the inspirational quotes. Helping encourage this young entrepreneur. )
Set your sights and aim high. You never know what you can achieve until you focus on achieving it. - Midas Touch
. Thanks.
_Camden. Thanks.
. Thanks.
. Thanks.
. Great!
. My honor!
. No!
The United States better address China's exchange rate before they steal our country and it is too late! China is laughing at us.
. Thanks.
. No but thanks.
. Interesting and thanks.
. Thanks.
. Thanks.
. Thanks.
Shark Tank is a dead Friday night filler compared to the Apprentice which has been number one show for week in the T. V. ratings!
. Thanks.
. Thanks David.
Wow
RT  Good to hear  is on board.GOP is the party of free enterprise.Join us as we innovate China is buying gas fields in Texas ... &amp; all Obama is concerned about stopping them doing is buying wind farms Obama is finally stopping the Chinese from buying something in America  windfarms Our leaders are terrible. The government spends over $50B a day.  It cant find cuts for less than 2 days of spending?! Sad!
The countdown is on. The 13th season of All-Star  premieres this Sunday March 3rd at 9PM EST on . Big!
The $85B sequester is just 2% of Obama's $3.5T record deficit spending budget.  Our leaders are ruining our children's future.
Must read column by Bob Woodward explaining how Obama pushed for sequestration &amp; promised no tax increase Obama is making speeches excoriating the Republicans
Via  Donald Trump Trashes 'Tacky
DONALD TRUMP BLASTS THE OSCARS My  re the sequestration
My  interview discussing why the sequestration cuts are necessary
Via  Trump to  Sequester Cuts Dont Go Far Enough   Thanks.
 Thanks
 Thanks.
  I will.
  Thanksthe big question is why!
. is right to expect Yahoo employees to come to the workplace vs. working at home. She is doing a great job!
An individual
...So far
The media is so in the tank for Obama that it is amazingthe funny thing is
Speaker John Boehner
Almost every major dealmaker has used the bankruptcy laws as a business tool...
People buy deals &amp; immediately put them into bankruptcy in order to make better deals..
.... It is a very effective &amp; commonly used business tool.
  Thanks Roxanne.
 Hi Mikeywork hard and good luck.
  Thanks and good luck!
 Very good!
Whenever one of the morons say I wear a wig
Why do losers &amp; haters always say I wear a wig when they know I dont. Like it or not
How did you like Michelle Obamas bangs last night?
Last night William Shatner had more airtime than any winner. It should have been called the William Shatner show...
...Overall
_RichieRich. Great.
. Great and thanks.
. In April - thanks.
I'll be doing Fox and Friends this morning at seven.
I've had enough of this - good night!
Jane Fonda and Michael Douglas look great!
The Oscar broadcast is really boring - where is the glamour and beauty?
Sorry
Anne Hathaway is a good winner!
. Thanks Scott.
Lincoln never sounded like that!
Shirley B did a very good job singing Goldfinger! Not easy.
Very tacky set!
Django Unchained is the most racist movie I have ever seen
You are right-more like the opening of the Tonys.
I don't like the opening even a little bit!
How do you like Seth and Oscars so far?
Here we go with the Oscars!
. Thanks Alex.
. Thanks.
Congrats to 
_sobby wow Timmy;thanks..
Dummy goAngelo
Come on goAngelo
By popular demand
I'm saying that the Tea Party
Why didn't movie Lincoln use Ford's Theater for big scene instead of the stage of an unrelated theater?
Big response to my Tea Party statement-remember they were never fully energized by Romney campaign and will have far more power with time.
Republicans better start listening to and respecting the Tea Party!
. Next Sunday!
_mom. True.
I hope Oprah gives Lance Armstrong 100 million dollars because that's what that ridiculous interview will cost him!
. It will be great.
. Thanks.
. Thanks Bill!
. Thanks.
. Thanks Crysta!
. I hope so!
I will be on tonight at 10 P.M. Now I know she will get great ratings!
Lance Armstrong is now being sued by Fed Govt-what was he thinkking?
. Thanks Joe.
. Good idea.
  Thanks!
  Yes
 Thank you.
  Thanks.
  Thanks!
In every battle there comes a time when both sides consider themselves beaten...
...then he who continues the attack wins. - Ulysses S. Grant
For the Republicans to have any success these next two years
...  Doesnt seem like they have a coherent strategy right now.
Vince McMahon  and I hold the all-time ratings &amp; pay-per-view record in the history of wrestling.
The PGA tour just extended my Trump Doral contract for WGC for ten years.
Enjoyed my visit to Trump Doral in Miami yesterday. Looking forward to returning for the WGC- Championship on March 6th-10th...
... Will be there front &amp; center along with the 70 greatest players in the world. WGC- Championship
Fear defeats more people than any other one thing in the world.  Ralph Waldo Emerson
Donald Trump visits Doral resort
What would All-Star  be w/out a Baldwin?  is at the top of his game this season. Our fans will be happy.
I've just done a major Dateline for NBC - March 3rd just ahead of Apprentice.
. A Hall.
Drew Peterson just got 36 years for killing his wife - bring back the death penalty!
Positive thinking is not merely wishful thinking...
... It is all about incorporating a sense of optimism into everything you do while also acknowledging the negative.  Think Big
China is not our friend. They are not our ally. They want to overtake us
Congrats to Miss Universe 2011  &amp;  great  on their engagement! I am very happy for you both.
Interesting article by   WHY ROVE AND STEVENS ARE PLAIN WRONG Twitter will soon be irrelevant if lowlifes are so easily able to hack into accounts.
Only 10 more days until the premiere of All-Star . On March 3rd at 9PM EST  the fireworks return to the Board Room!
My Twitter has been seriously hacked- and we are looking for the perpetrators.
_  Hi Robertgood luck.
If you think we have a problem with Social Security and Medicare now
Republicans must be careful with immigrationdont give our country away.
John McCain had a really hard time with his town hall meeting on immigration. They really went after him!
.
. Thanks
. Thanks.
. Thanks Sandy.
. Thanks.
. O.K. write me.
.  Thanks Jenny.
. Great.
. Thanks.
. Thanks Andey.
. Thanks.
. Thanks K.
. Thanks
. Loser!
_liljegren. Thanks Alan.
. Thanks Michael.
.  Art of the Deal.
_Zach. Thanks.
. Thanks.
. Great Chris.
. Thanks.
. Thanks.
. Thanks.
Wow
. That's why you're a failure!
. Thanks.
. Thanks.
. Thanks.
. Thanks.
. Thanks.
. Thanks.
. A toy next to The Apprentice -  just a friday fill in!
. Thanks.
. Thanks Piers
.  Thanks Tony.
THE APPRENTICE. - 10 years
The Job on CBS
A  pessimist is one who makes difficulties of his opportunities...
...and an optimist is one who makes opportunities of his difficulties.  Harry S. Truman
.  Thanks!
 Thanks Paul.
  Thanks and good luck!
_Yawwp.  Sadly
.  Go Angelo failed and gave up - now wants more p.r.  - loser!
. Thanks.
Despite all the statements to the contrary
It is fatal to enter any war without the will to win it.  - Douglas MacArthur
.  Dopey
I am hearing that  Digital Director  is doing great work expanding and modernizing  social media.  Good  we need it.
I had amazing time in Charlotte. Great people &amp; many new friends. I look forward to coming back very soon. Congrats to Gavin &amp; Staff.
Former winner   returns to All-Star  March 3rd on . Bret shows once again why he is a champion!
Via  Photos Tour Donald Trump's NC golf club .   To the news bigs   elevate Dianne Gallagher  immediatelyshe is terrific!
My  WCNC News interview w/  touring the magnificent Trump National Charlotte course &amp; facilities  The Oscar Pistorius disaster is a really interesting story to mea very sad situation for everyone!
Im really saddened to see that  was voted the 4th ugliest celebrity according to ....
...While I fully agree
Looks like a lawsuit against GoAngelo wont workmy ties &amp; shirts doing too well at Macyshe's actually helping. I have no damages!
My ties &amp; shirts at Macys are doing great. Stupid  is making people aware of how good they are!
Dummy  who had 11 people show up for 15 min. at his massive rally at Macys is trying to get publicity for self by using me
 Thanks Craig!
  Do you understand sarcasm?
  Thanks Tyler.
   Thanks!
 Thanks Boris
 Thanks Joseph.
Review your work habits &amp; make sure they are taking you in the right direction. Don't tread waterget out there and go for it.
 Chicago is a great city and we have the most beautiful location. Yes
  Thanks Angie for your comments.
  Thanks Scott. .
 Focus on your goals
  Thanks Jerry. Good luck.
   Thanks Jamie. Tune in March 3rd for the new seasonyou'll love it.
_Lady  Thanks.
 Thanks!
 I will.
  Thanks Lou.
Re Success Don't put blinders on and do not limit yourself; reach out
Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau
.  Number one rated hotel in Torontoand getting even better!  Best wishes.
.  Thanks.
.  Thanks.
Too many people rely on auto correct...an assistant of mine apologizes!
The many losers and haters never have the brains or stamina to become truly successful!
Always protect against the downsidethe upside will take care of itself. Donald J. Trump
$5 a gallon gas and we have yet to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline.  OPEC is laughing at us.
Donald Trump will keynote Oakland County Republicans' Lincoln Day dinner Now China is helping Iran smuggle nuclear parts Good news -  is going to fight back against Roves attack on the Tea Party Idiot  always forgets to mention that I am suing him to collect the $5M for charity
. says that the Iraelis are controlling our government Being an entrepreneur is a big task. So what can you do to prepare? First and foremost
_Arria.  I hear you are doing great! Take care of yourself.
Via  Donald Trump Lake Norman golf course 'one of the hottest places around' Trump 'I like North Carolina
I love the Lakers and when you love the Lakers
Dianne Gallagher  is a great reporter for News Channel 36 in Charlotte
All-Star 
Great to see  Captain Derek Jeter back on the field.  He will have another great season and make NYC proud again.
My exclusive _TV interview with  discussing Trump National North Carolina &amp; future deals My  interview discussing Pres. Obama playing golf w/
Listen and learn from others but make your own decisions. Use your instinctsyou alone know where you want to go.
Be tenacious. Being tenacious means you're tough and patient at oncea formidable combination.
  Thanks!
Jerry Buss was a great guy and friend. He will be missed!
.    Thanks.
.  Thanks.
.  Thanks!
I am surprised that Hugo Chavez can keep power in his weak physical condition!
I said gas prices would sky rocket after election - Opec payback!
.  Thanks.
.  Thanks
Great going.
If Im the third most envied man in America
WowFamily Feud said I am the third most envied man in America. I respectfully disagreeI am very modest.
If the freedom of speech is taken away then dumb and silent we may be led
Looks like  is having some problems with his Rock Center with Brian Williams showI hate to see such bad ratings for .
  Hi Chris.
  Thanks Eileen!
Chuck Hagels nomination has been held up for at least 12 more days.  A lot can happen.
People have been asking to hear my Howard Stern interviewyou can access it on .
The American-US Airways merger will create even worse service and much higher fares.
Trump National Golf Club
  Good idea.
  Thanks
Looking forward to speaking  International Convention tomorrow morning in Charlotte
Via  Trump to speak to GOP   Thanks Brianna!
     March 3rd
 Thankswill be great!
All-Star  has done the impossible. TV's greatest villain  &amp;  are in competition. Fireworks!
Trump Rove 'Made a Fool Out of Himself' Via  Donald Trump on how Rubio should have drank his water   = be passionate. If you love what you're doing
I never want someone working for me who doesnt want to be thereand in the same way
  Thanks Adam!
  That's right
  Thank you.
  Keep at it!
 That's good news! Congrats.
Remember
Success is good. Success with significance is even better. Work on what you will be proud to be associated withmake your work count.
 Keep up the good work Cynthia.
  Thanks and good luck.
Do not give in to anger. It destroys your focus on goals and ruins your concentration.  Think Big
  Good. Never give up!
  Thanks Will.
 Thanks Dom.
  Happy birthday Matt.
_n Thanks Neil.
_89 thanks
 thanks
If you can count the amount of time you put into a project on your fingers
   Complete is good.
Take responsibility for yourselfit's a very empowering attitude.
_grunch _Rivers   Seriously!
  You're absolutely right.
Thanks for all the great comments on all my recent interviews.  Much appreciated.
 Thankskeep up the good work.
 Thank you Andy and best wishes to you.
 Good!
 Watch what happens
 DopeyBig success and great for Scotland!
Obama vacationing in West Palm Beach starting tomorrow. He should play a round at Trump Int'l Golf Club -  rated course in Florida.
No surprise
Not only did Egypt destroy its civil society w/ the Muslim Brotherhood
  You're rightbillions.
 It will be greatthanks.
   Thank you Edward.
In my office with Banana Joe
  And I look forward to itbig crowd.
  Good! and good luck!
 Thankswork hard every day!
  Thanks Susan.
. need to face reality  not one of the illegal immigrants granted amnesty will vote Republican.
The Tea Party is filled with great Americans.  Despite being mistreated by everyone
_9    March 3rd
Everyone's favorite frontman
I believe in free markets but allowing a merger of US Air &amp; American Airlines is totally ridiculous! Will control most of US market.
If US Air and American Airlines are allowed to merge
 Happy Valentine's Day!
Trump Rove Gave Us Obama Via  Donald Trump Vows to Fight Scottish Wind Farm Plan in Courts Via   WAR! TRUMP
 Thanks Tony
Really enjoyed my interview with . He is terrific!
 Thanksjust common sense.
  Thanks Dorianit pays to persevere.
   Sounds interesting.
My  interview discussing Obama's SOTU
Donald Trump on Mark Levin Karl Rove is one of the most overrated people in politics _S_Ballard  True!
 Greatand good luck!
   Thanks Thomas!
 Great schoolthanks!
Congrats  for being ranked  on  and a Travellers' Choice 2013 Winner!
 Thanks and good luck.
Remember to think big by expanding your horizons at the same time youre expanding your net worth.
 Hi Evelina.
 Thanks Gilberto and good luck.
  March 3rd
Paying attention is a cost effective way of protecting yourself and your interests.
  Thanks Robert.
   Thanks.
  Definitely exciting.
  True!
 Great success!
  Thanks.
  Will be greatthanks.
If US Air &amp; American Airlines are allowed to merge
It is important to think positively. Negative thinking will kill your focus and destroy any chance you have of being successful.
 Happy birthday!
Wow
Do not pray for easy lives. Pray to be stronger men.  Pres. John F. Kennedy
What is the standard for which you want to be known? Identify that standard and follow it.
You've got something unique to offerfind out what it is. Ask yourself What can I provide that does not yet exist? Innovation can follow..
_28  Today.
Be focused
_cat Sounds like a good idea to me!
_tina Thanksread my books
Whatever you are doing right now
_G_W  Dummy
_York  Thanks!
 I will try!
  Great and thanks Paul.
  It will be great!
What a shock  higher taxes are slowing retail spending Speaking to a record crowd of over 20
  You are right but I always believe in hitting backand thanks.
  Wall Street Journal &amp; lots of others
 I was never a big fan of Bushhe gave us Obama.
 Thanks Darren.
Shes back! Champion _Rivers returns to the boardroom in this years All-Star . Joan is ferocious.
  Work hard
 Anytime!
 Thanks Brian and good luck.
 Thanksglad it was good.
 Much worse!
 Thanks!
 Very good!
 Very nicethank you!
  Interesting!
  Yes
   But Rosie is smarter than 
. Tea Party rebuttal to Obamas SOTU explained why limited government promotes freedom. Well done!
Looking forward to being interviewed on the  tonight at 630 PM EST.  Be sure to listen!
Next time Marco Rubio should drink his water from a glass as opposed to a bottlewould have much less negative impact.
Marco Rubio is being crucified by the media for drinking water during speech!
Gain and use information to your advantagesee every day as an opportunity to learn.
  Yes.
 Work hard!
Pay attention to global news and developmentsin today's world that is a requirement
 Good luck!
  Okay
 Thanks Amelia!
 Hi Jessica and thanks.
 Thanks Kari.
 Thanks Jarred.
  Thanksthey are good kids!
The harder you work
 Recognize the opportunity
   . is a fantastic guy!
 Trueisn't it sad!
 Great and best of luck!
 Looking forward to itthanks.
 Thanks Tom.
When will people realize that  is not an intellectual
 Thankswork hard &amp; good luck.
_kelly Thanks Kelly.
  Thanks and good luck.
  Yes.
 Not a bad ideathanks!
 Thanksbut they should get a life.
  Very nice
 Thanks.
 Definitely worth it.
Every business has surprises
 Just a small percentage.
  Interesting!
 Thanks.
  Hello.
    True!
 Thanks!
Successful people don't have fewer problems.They have determined that nothing will stop them from going forward. Dr. Benjamin Carson
NY should frack now. Whats the hold up? Is Albany opposed to creating jobs and making gas cheaper for middle class?
 I am rightcurrent tense.
 I like Joe Paterno and his family.
   Well
I went to Wharton
  Good luck!
  Work hard and keep at it!
 Yes
  Thanks Doug
Check  background &amp; you will find he is not a smart guyhe just wants people to think he isjust call him dummy.
I dont know what will happen with the lawsuit against dummy  but have an obligation to charity to bring it.
Surprised  signed Michael Vick yesterday to be their 2013 QB. Vick is  talented but brittle &amp; probably won't last long.
The Presidents speech tonight will largely focus on class warfare. The Republicans dont know how to handle thatI do.
  Keep your vision intact  be positively persistent.
Will the Keystone XL pipeline finally be approved? Will create over 100
Another must read from Jeffrey Lord  Rove Email Leaks Ideological War Opens in GOP Great news -  are starting their own Super PAC to fight    Hi and thanks.
To all young college graduates  stick in there
Have confidence
Always pretend that youre working for yourself. Youll do a wonderful job. Its simple
Magician extraordinaire  is back in the All-Star . This time he has even more tricks up his sleeve.
SEAL who shot Bin Laden is unemployed &amp; cant feed his family How can any Senator vote for Hagel as Sec. of Defense after that horrific hearing? He is not up for the job but will probably get it.
The new course at Trump International Scotland will be a par-72 layout
My Doral Country Club purchase was made just before Miami real estate market went through the roofgood timing!
Sorry
Its okay but why do the haters (&amp; losers) want to follow me on twitter?? Get a life!
Trump to build second Scottish course . looks amazing in 2000 ! Via  Trump reveals routing for second course in Scotland While in Charlotte this weekend will visit my Trump National Golf Club on Lake Normana magnificent place &amp; doing really well!
Going to Charlotte
Sad. Our food stamp rolls now surpass the entire population of Spain Preview of Obamas SOTU More taxes
I endorsed a book on ObamaCare &amp; it just went to  on the New York Times bestseller list!
Donald Trump Karl Rove Has Done Ashley Judd A Favor What do you think of my suing  for $5M for charity? He made an offer
Can you imagine if  said about Obama what he said about me (orangutan etc)the press would run him out of the country...
... but  is allowed to say that about me.
Via  Donald Trump Blasts Beyonc for Suggestive Super Bowl Show A mediocre person tells. A good person explains. A superior person demonstrates....
... A great person inspires others to see for themselves.  Harvey Mackay
RT  Trump Int'l Golf Club West Palm Beach is spectacular. Almost makes me wish I had time to play/learn/like golf.
Had a great time hosting the Palm Beach County Republican at Mar-a-Lago.   gave a strong speech.  Shes great!
. is far more to blame for Obama's victory than the Tea Party.
Trump I Love the Tea Party
Thanks to Donald Trump Donald Trump Karl Rove Is A Total Loser
Donald Trump offers political advice to Palm Beach Republicans Great column by  on  Karl Rove Is Done Why does  lie about his Reagan credentials? I dont like bullies.  I am not going to stand around and watch  target the Tea Party.  Karl Rove gave us Barack Obama. Loser.
Via  Tweet of the Day Congratulations to my friend  on winning the big golf tournament today!
Good luck  and nice hat! .'s so called show on HBO must be the cheapest special produced in the history of television- it sucks!
How does  employ  with a pathetic show that he does what kind of a special is that? Complete garbage!
Dummy  forgot to say that he made an absolute offer which I accepted. Hopefully
 Thanks Jake.
 Thanks Cam.
 Thanks.
 Good!
  Be confident
 Keep your focus and never give up.
No person who is enthusiastic about his work has anything to fear from life. - Samuel Goldwyn
  Thank you.
 I was never a fan or defender of Bush.
  But he will get it!
  Thanks
 Thanks Darren.
  Thank her for me!
 Yes
  Good idea.
  Thanks.
_m_hamilton It's about time!
 Good luck!
Being an entrepreneur is not a group effort. You have to trust yourself and your instincts.
Ashley Judd Targeted by 's Super PAC in Ad (Video) . ad is the best thing that ever happened to Ashley Juddsimply increases her profile.
 is a total loser...save your money!
See the Ashley Judd ad by  and you will definitely vote for her and love Obama.
 Ashley Judd ad makes her and Obama look great...nobody wastes money like Karl Rove!
Is  incompetent? 400 million dollars down the drain and not 1 victory!
The dollar always talks in the endalthough our pols are killing the dollar!
 Great
  I agree.
_  Thanks Andrea and good luck.
Can you imagine if Bushs administration drafted a memo legalizing the killing of Americans?! Democrats are such hypocrites.
  Thanks Michael.
 Thanks.
The past 4 years have seen the weakest multiyear recovery since WWII China keeps manipulating its currency at our financial expense.  Why do our leaders continually let China run all over us?
Hagel committee vote has been postponed as Hagel refuses to disclose all his finances  Know everything you can (update daily) &amp; cover your bases.
A-Rods forgery defense is blown Develop your gut instincts and act on them. You will have your biggest successes when you go with your gutbut be very smart &amp; careful.
 The golden rule of negotiation = He who has the gold makes the rules. Read Art of the Deal &amp; How To Get Rich.
 Thanks Suz for your comments.
Back by popular demand
 Happy Birthday Ray.
 Take the time to make it great.
Negotiation is persuasion more than power. Be reasonable and flexible
   Thanks.
   Thanks Jimmy.
  True
  ErickThanksand that was an easy oneclosed for eight years!
_29 Once again
 Great
 Great! Good luck.
  Great! Keep working hard.
 Interesting!
 Thanksfood for thought!
 True!
 100% true.
 Thanks and good luck.
    Keep fighting and learning!
 Thanks.
_Steinberg  Be careful!
Must read article Conservative Fury at Rove Erupts Donald Trump
 Thanks!
  Thank you
   Very kind
   Thanks a lot Megan.
  Thanks Colenevery nice! Keep up the good work.
Karl Roves strategy and commercials were the worst I have ever seen.
Karl Rove is a total loser. Money given to him might as well be thrown down the drain.
Why are people giving money to Karl Rove when he just wasted $400M without any victories? Use your head.
  I have just responded!
 Even better
  Thanks Doris.
 In retrospect I agree with you.
 Wowthanks.
 Thanks Penn
  Yes.
Knowledge requires patience; action requires courage.  Put patience and courage together and youll be a winner.
Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunites &amp; possibilities &amp; thinking too small can negate a lot of them.
_DAN   Thanks!
 Thanks.
Democrats try so hard to mock &amp; belittle Republicans&amp; the Republicans just dont fight backno energy!
Obama can kill Americans at will with drones but waterboarding is not allowedonly in America!
 True and thanks!
  Thanks.
   Thanks Tom.
  I hope so!
_Rodriguez Greatand great city!
 Thank you.
 _hig  Great going Mark.
  Thanks!
 Thank you.
  Great!
If we ever forget that we are One Nation Under God
  In Charlottesville
My  interview with  discussing how I will see my $5M lawsuit against  to the end People like doing deals with me because they know it will be profitable
   Your upgrade has been granted &amp; noted by the front desk. Have a wonderful time at Trump International Las Vegas.
Terrible CBO forecast for 20131.4% GDP growth and 7.5%+ unemployment (really 17%+) Now A-Rod is claiming that  and  are out to get him'   Thanks
 True and thank you.
 Thanks Owen.
 Thanks Jane.
   Thanks Ricardo.
  Thanks.
Be tough
Just as I predicted
. My interview with Howard Stern this morning!  Oh the wonders of the Arab Spring. Our new 'ally' the Muslim Brotherhood hosted Ahmadinejad yesterday Happy 102nd birthday to President Ronald Reagan. Every day that passes
Congratulations to  on the 11 year anniversary of  'On the Record.' Always enjoy being interviewed by Greta. She's great.
  Okay thanks.
Via _Media Maher Being Sued by Trump Over Birth Certificate Bet on 'Tonight Show'    What are the dates for the hotel stay?
Wow- no longer Saturday delivery from U.S. Postal Service- no money- our poor
. Hall of Famer  rebounds for a tremendous performance in his return to this year's All-Star ! Great guy!
   Thanks Andrew.
  Thanks.
Keep your momentum. Without momentum
  Thanks and that's good news. Good luck.
 Thanks Jack!
 Thankswill do.
  Thanks Paul.
   Thanks.
 True and thank you.
  Thanks.
 Thanks Ric.
 Appears that you are.
Look at the solution
_29  Thanks Nathalie.
 Thanks.
The best deals are good for everyone
 Thank you.
 Be smart &amp; work hard!
 Just the beginning!
 Speak to Vince.
   Which hotel?
You should always feel comfortable bargaining for goods and services. I do it all the time.  Think Like a Billionaire
Immigration reform really changes the voting scales for the Republicansfor the worse!
Re immigration. Do the Republicans not realize that Dems will get 100% of 11 million votes no matter what they do?
Again
Had a great time on the  show this morninghe will and should never change!
  Thanks
Money was never a big motivation for me
_burrell  The Art of the Deal.
Thanks  4 your nice comments today on The View. U were terrific!
 Thanks.
Don't bunt. Aim out of the ball park. Aim for the company of immortals. - David Ogilvy
 True!
 True and thanks.
  MaryGreat!
  Greatthank you!
 Keep going!
  Thanks.
  True and thanks.
With the record high February gas prices hurting the economy
Glad to hear 
Trump  is hosting the WGC  from March 6th  10th.  Join meI will be there all four days.
. returns in All-Star   2001 Playmate of the Year is a determined competitor. She is terrific!
Via  Donald Trump Issues Statement Regarding $5 Million Lawsuit Against Bill Maher My  interview re  blackout
A top firm like Cooley will only submit a case they believe in and can win.
The big and highly respected Cooley LLP is handling the  case for me.
_hig  Hi Erica...and thanks.
  She was great!
   Great!
  Yes.
 Then why do you follow me dummy!
  He was greatloved Kew Forest.
  Nicethanks.
  Work hard (and smart!)
  They were amazing
   Thanks!
  Thanks.
 Thanks.
 Thankswork hard.
_Chaz No discounts
 Yesleadership!
  Could be truethanks.
 Actually
 Wowthat would certainly be interesting.
Ask Is there anyone else who can do this better than I can?Thats just another way of saying know yourself &amp; know your competition.
Then ask What am I pretending not to see? These two simple questions can pave the way for some very clear answers.
To entrepreneurs Watching you could be the motivation for your employees
Wise words from my mother  Trust in God and be true to yourself.  Mary MacLeod Trump
Wise words from my father  Know everything you can about what youre doing.   Fred C. Trump
  Thanks and yes.
Gas prices are going up big leagueI told you sopayback to OPEC!
$4 gasoline  wowOPEC is very happy!
I am a cautious optimist. Call it positive thinking with a lot of reality checks.
  Yes.
 Sorry
    Yes.
 Good luck.
  Thanks Anthony.
  Yes!
  Yes and thanks.
  A great beauty!
I also plan to keep making deals
Surround yourself with people who are smarter than you.  
Victoria's Secret reps were nasty to  and now she is doing great.
Now the Chinese are hacking  China is buying our shale and gas fields China is about to acquire 82
  March 3rd
. has been saying very nice things about me on his show recently. He has a fantastic radio show that I always enjoy!
 True and thanks!
 Thank you.
 Very nicethanks again.
   Thanks!
If Karl Rove &amp;  Establishment continue to attack the Tea Party
Be sure to listen to my interview today w/ on _Media _StaysFresh That's good news!
 True and not good!
   Thanks.
  That's right.
 Thanksmy honor!
 Thank you very much.
  And that's okay.
 True and true!
 Sadly
I am very proud of my friend . Despite her recent loss
Donald Trump dedicates second Scottish golf course to beloved mother Mary I dont know whether I will win or lose the  lawsuit but had an obligation to sue for charity.
. didnt come through with his promised $5 million for charity so today I will sue him.
  Thank you.
I picked seven Super Bowl winners in a row &amp; would have been right last night had the refs thrown the flag.
The Country is being run just like the stadium.
The lights went out in New Orleans...the Country's lights went out also. We are not the same place!
  Thanks!
Remain open to new ideas. That's where innovation comes from.
  Many thanks.
  Thanks Jay.
Ask yourself
Instinct has a lot to do with timing. You have to be patient &amp; wait for your instincts to tell you the best time to make your move.
Partnerships also require negotiation. It should be a win-win setup. Otherwise
  Thanks for your kind thoughts
  Thanks Drew. Good luck.
  Truegood luck!
   Which they should!
  Best buildilng and service.
_Oghene  Greatenjoy!
 New York.
As promised
   Thanks Deanna.
   March 3rd 9 pm EST on NBC
Bad.  survey shows 30% of businesses not hiring they are worried they wont be around in a year. The upcoming All-Star  puts the celebrities under the hardest tasks we have ever given.  We really pushed the envelope
Donald Trump to name golf course after mother Be sure you put your feet in the right place
Hagel's performance yesterday was the worst I have ever seen before a committee of any kind!
Chuck Hagel showed gross incompetence before yesterdays Senate panel...our new Secretary of Defense.
Little  have more hair than you do and theres a slight age difference.
See ungrateful Little  statement to me a year ago   Thanksthat's Trump International Hotel &amp; Tower.
    I agree.
 Not even a little bitthanks.
. Flashback What  Learned from the 'Rock Star of Real Estate' Little 
Little 
Little 
Let other people talk.  Any business conversation should be two-sided.  Think Like a Billionaire
The real estate market in Vietnam is booming.  Growth is everywhere in the world
Yes
Everyone is asking if and when I will endorse a candidate in the NYC mayoral race.  Doing my due diligence
  Thanks and good luck.
   Not really!
Faldo to rework two Doral courses   Good ideas and hard work!
   Olivia is greatx10.
   I have a 93% approval rating in Scotland.
  3 minutes.
 Good idea!
.
Big newsWOWU.S. economy shrinks!
. Titans Donald Trump is available to live stream on  and .  Watch!
Just did an interview with my friend .  Congratulations to Mark on his new show on .
  Thanks Cynthia.
Little  dont need your praise  - Little  sent me an expensive plaque for making his song Donald Trump such a big hit. Mac
Well-maintained real estate is always going to be worth a lot more than poorly maintained real estate.  The Art of the Deal
   True!
 I do!
  Not good!
 Thanks.
  True.
  That is indeed true!
_W_Magee Thank you!
  Only one of but thanks!
 I agree!
 Good luck!
  Thanks.
Impossible is a word to be found only in the dictionary of fools. - Napoleon Bonaparte
Go with your gut. Take chances. If you think you have the ingredients that you need
... will happen when you go against the tide; when you take a risk and it works. - Think Big
Obama's speech in Las Vegas yesterday cost the taxpayer $520 per word and over $1.6M  Pervert alertserial sexter  is polling to test the waters for NYC political run. I dont know why the  keep paying A-Rodthey have a perfect out.
  Thanks RogerAli was and is great!
  Thanksa great building.
  I love that idea!
  That's greatyou will love what we are doing!
_le  True!
    I agree!
Oh the wonders of the Arab Spring. Our new allies in Egypt
RT  Donald Trump coined the phrase 'multilevel focusing'I love it. It is when two ideas intersect &amp; form a new innovation
Glad to hear  has moved over to . Erick is a sharp political analyst.
. are privately ecstatic over A-Rod's latest doping bust. The evidence is damning Flashback Donald Trump would fire A-Rod Another nasty season premieres Sunday
Champion  is back competing in the upcoming All-Star . Premiere is March 3rd on  at 9 p.m. EST.
. See attached article. Very frightening to people living around these monstrosities Remember peoples names and small details about them. Use both in conversation...
... People love to hear their names and their stories said out loud.  Think Like a Billionaire
You have to have confidence in yourself and confidence to know that what you are doing is right.  Think Big
Immigration reform is finebut dont rush to give away our country! Sounds like thats whats happening.
The Republicans will get zero credit for passing immigration reformand I said zero!
Randy Moss should not be bragging about himselfIm the only one who is allowed to do that!
Randy Moss said he was the greatest receiver of all timeno wayit was !
  Thanks.
  Let's see!
 EricTrue!
  True!
    Marilu is a fantastic person &amp; really smart!
 Tea.
  Dona terrible story (fact).
  Wowthat's really nice!
  Thanks Erol.
   Thanksstay tuned.
   Thanks Andy.
  Wrongbuilt world's best golf course that is doing great!
  Horses went up also!
 Thanks Lynn!
   Not even close but that doesn't matter!
  Thanksthey are working on it.
   True!
 Thanks Larry.
  I love all sports!
  He's a druggie.
Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war. The Art of The Deal
Just as I predicted
  Happy Birthday and good luck!
TVs darling  is back in this years All-Star .  Marilu is a fierce competitor.
Via   Faldo calls team-up for golf course with Trump entertaining A-Rod is now being investigated for continued doping The new reality.  Chinas economy underpins global demand If you want to succeed you should strike out on new paths
Two years ago I told everybody to start looking &amp; buying housesI hope you listened! (but there is still time).
_sinclair  Thanks Ellie
  Stay tuned!
 We'll see.
  But not hard enoughgood luck Chris.
  Larry
 Me too A great place.
A leader does not deserve the name unless he is willing occasionally to stand alone. - Henry A. Kissinger
Still waiting to hear from . Every day he dodges me is one less day that $5M is being used for charity.
. is playing like his old self in the Farmers Insurance Open.  He will have a great year.
A-Rod should do the Yankees a favor and never play again.
Here I am with Whitney Houston at a party at Mar-a-Lago. I wonder how  feels after last nights love fest between Obama and Hilary on . Cant be too happy.
Is Gov.  the stupid one for using the phrase the stupid party when referring to the Republicans?
Gov.  referred to the Republicans as the stupid party. Now he has given Dems a phrase to use.
60 Minutes treats President Obama with kid gloves- Mike Wallace is spinning in his grave!
Spain's government is closing down wind turbines- the maintenance is higher than the income.
  Thanks Ann.
  Dope!
  Thanks Christopher.
     True!
Always remember Dress for the job you want
Face reality as it is
Maybe Im old fashioned but I dont like seeing women in combat.
Lots of people are asking whether or not I should have run for Presidentstay tuned for the answer.
President Obama's inaugural had record low ratings. What does that portend?
U.S. small businesses are truly worried about rising healthcare costs and taxes The Iranians are having 'difficulties' with their nuclear program . is at the top of her game in the upcoming season of  All-Stars. Our fans love her.
The freezing cold weather across the country is brutal.  Must be all that global warming.
Wind turbine syndrome is affecting tremendous numbers of people in their wakestop ugly turbines.
Got to know Senator  in Aspen
  True!
  Thanks Matt.
  True!
 True!
  Not much!
._  is rightCalifornia taxes are far too high. Its ridiculous.
One of the countrys dumbest newspapersThe Palm Beach Postshould be put to sleep. Its dying. 
Bought  stock a year ago for old fashioned reasonI love their product and service.
Radio interview w/  discussing _ 
Wow
One of the keys to thinking big is total focus.  The Art of The Deal
It all comes down to one simple question How much money can you stand to lose? Thats how much risk you should assume.
_Johnson68  Happy Birthday.
  Work hard and smart!
  Hi Nick.
Don't find fault
  Everybody says that! Thanks.
   Yes.
  And many other countries!
   But I doubt it!
   But true!
 My pleasure.
 ElliotI just liked your tonehave a wonderful time at Doral.
  Great!
  Thanks Dirksmy honor.
  Yes.
  100% real!
The Republicans better be careful.  Obama is out to destroy them!
 Thanks Matthew!
_29 NathalieThanks and best wishes.
_lilmonkeys   Check her records!
The real estate market is slowly improving.  Still a great time to buy.  You will thank me in 5 years.
Watch Obama push major global warming legislation early in his second term...
...Terrible for the economy and a job killer. China is laughing at us!
The  was very nice in reporting that  was  on all television for top brand impact
  Be concise.
. returns to  All-Stars this season. His streak of chaos and havoc continues!
Todays assignment read chapter three of Think Big Basic Instincts. Focus on my acquisition of 40 Wall Street.
 Good ideaenjoy!
  Great and thanks.
 _Cameron  So true!
  Thanks EuanWe will save Scotland's great beautyno turbines.
   They call me names but that's ok?
  Because my mother was born in Scotland &amp; it will be destroyed by windfarms.
 He had very bad advice.
  Great!
 Have a great time at a great place!
  ThanksRomney sadly did not resonate!
  Hi Justin.
Wind farms are now being paid to shut down Via  EXCLUSIVE - TRUMP COUNSEL 'CANNOT CONFIRM OR DENY' INTEREST IN BUYING NEW YORK TIMES .  Gretayoure wrong
By continuing to give massive subsidies to Scotlands ugly wind turbines
    That's true and I love it!
  That is not the reason.
  Sadly truebut it can change.
  Thanks Nick.
 It is Trump!
  Yes I amI am saving it from wind turbine destruction!
Todays assignment read Chapter 7 Trump Tower The Tiffany Location of The Art of the Deal. Focus on how I marketed the property.
You have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life. - Think Big
Almost every television network wants me badlybut I stay loyal to .
Top brand impact is what television is all about from the commercial standpointa big deal for .
. having top brand impact 2012  ahead of Idol
I just saw my new tie &amp; shirt collectionits fantasticunbelievable look. Go to Macys now to buy!
   Thanks Andey.
  Thanks and enjoy.
We have a system that increasingly taxes work and subsidizes nonwork. - Milton Friedman
     Thank you.
  Thanks Scott.
. has not yet sent me the $5M he owes which I am giving to various charities. Come on Billyou made a deal.
  Thanks Siriogreat food!
  Work hard
Do you notice the silence lately on wind turbine monstrosities? The people of Scotland &amp; many other countries are fighting back.
  True!
  Thanks.
  Great! Good luck!
  Work hard and thanks.
  That's true!
  Thanks.
In 2010 alone our trade deficit with China cost over 566
Health insurance premiums are rising by double digits There is no world problem which cannot be solved if people of good will &amp; intelligence want it to be.
I still cant believe we left Iraq without the oil.
    March 3rd on NBC at 9 pm EST
Please tell me what is going on with the Republicans?
Exxon donated $250g to Obama's inaugural Stamps are going up once again. Now the US postal service will lose even more money.
Congratulations to  on his electoral victory.  He will now be the longest serving .  A great leader.
Back by popular demand
Be sure to read my column in  Europe is terrific place for investment The New York Times should never have moved out of their magnificent
... in order to occupy space in a truly ugly office building in a much worse location!
When the New York Times sold their beautiful
I can accept failure
I cannot believe the Republicans are extending the debt ceilingI am a Republican &amp; I am embarrassed!
Pride yourself on your ability to find creative solutions to tough problems.   - Think Big
Happy 8th Anniversary to . Scary. Over 8
Has Pres. Obama or the White House told the public what happened in Algeria yet?  Wheres the media?
The Tea Party delivered the House for  so they could be fiscally responsible. Instead they have been irresponsible!
One positive from last week for Lance was that everyone was focused on Manti Te'o!  Why did Lance do that interview?
Watch this great behind the scenes video of 's Spring 2013 photo shoot- Republicans are always worried about their general approval. With proposing to 'ignore the debt ceiling' they are ignoring their base.
The worst negotiators in history (otherwise known as Republicans) have just offered to suspend debt ceiling for four months. Pathetic!
  Ellisget well soon!
 Thanks and good luck.
.   Barbaraget better fast &amp; stay healthy forever.
  I doand say hello to Carson.
 Thank youa great compliment.
  Make sure you are doing what you love to do. You need passion to keep you going.
. is excellent on American Idolgreat touch
Via   All-Stars' first trailer  Sadly
  Thanks Heidi.
  Thanks Steve!
  Thanks Jedi.
My _TV interview discussing my video endorsement of   and past visits to    Only tell the political truththanks.
  And a dumb guy!
  You were a terrible editor who got fired?and you were wrong.
  True!
Here I am with  at Mar-a-Lago.    Of course I dofor good of country!
  Easyonly small area.
 Way beyond!
 Hope so!
 Thanks Bobbie.
 Thanksenjoy your visit.
  Thanks Tiffany.
 You do
   Very nice
 Thanks Timothy.
 Midas Touch is a good choice for those with entrepreneurial interests.
You must promise that you will never cheat off Manti Teos test papers.
  I don't go away!
   Not looking like it!
_   Winning!
 You really sound like a loser no-name!
  CasandraIt's notthanks.
   He is too smart to do that!
  Thanks!
   Thanks!
   Just success for our country!
  Thanks and enjoy!
 Thanks Myriamstarts on Sunday March 3rd  at 9 pm EST
  Emilgreat &amp; do well with it!
   Well
Part of Obamas new-found confidence is that the Republicans arent using their power of ideas properly or effectively.
Obamas speech indicates he wants to change this country as we know itwow
If the Republicans need a chief negotiator I am always availableor can recommend some really good ones!
Republicans
The Presidents speech was very combative toward Republicansthey have obviously not earned his respect!
Socialists think profits are a vice; I consider losses the real vice. - Winston Churchill
Pay attention to the small numbers in your finances
Glad to hear  has hired _KatherineWebb to cover .  She will be absolutely terrific! Miss USA pageant is proud.
Hypocrites!  new video shows Journal News reporters refusing to designate their homes as gun free Get ready for the fireworks between  &amp;  in 13th season of All Star !  Neither one will back down.
Golfer bids $130
Obamas second term is going to very tough for the Republicans.  The Republicans must pick their battles wisely and play smart.
My  interview discussing Pres. Obamas inauguration
...Whether you are a Republican or Democrat we should hope that Pres.   does a great job for the country.
I wish President  the best of luck in his second term...
Wow...NYT reports  was the number 1 show in branding on television for all of 2012.
Republicans and Democrats must come together now to make America great again!
 Happy Birthday tomorrow
Most people think small
 Yes
   Thanks.
Take action every day
Trump
New York should Frack. Thousands of jobs and millions in revenue. NY would be a truly rich state.
  Thanks Hank.
  Not negative!
   Thanks Nick.
._KatherineWebb with some of my memorabilia.   Yes.
 Thanks Steve.
Champion  triumphantly returns to 13th season of All Star . Spoiler  Bret is back to his winning ways.
  They are total losers.
  Wrong!
 Thanks.
    Sad losers!
 Thanks.
  She can't but I adore her.
   Thanks Patricka great compliment.
. disgusting response will teach me &amp; others not to be nice anymorea sad lesson.
. will never make itthey dont understand graciousness or moneyand best guy is leaving?
Dummies  had their big payday taken from them by others in the media.
. guys are total losersthey had their story stolen right from under their bad complexionsother media capitalized!
Alabama people are saying their team has real football &amp; real girlfriendsnot good for Notre Damebut theyll be back!
I still say Te'o did this in order to get sympathy for the Heisman votethankfully he did not win.
Teos imaginary girlfriend is one of the great cons of all timeor hes very stupid.
The interview was great for  and terrible for Lance Armstrong!
. was great amazing that she got Lance Armstrong to totally destroy his life. Why did he ever do that interview?
Lance Armstrong did himself great harm last night. Lawsuits &amp; failure will follow him!
 _KatherineWebb  That's Shaquille O'Neal's shoe.
You wouldn't believe how tall and beautiful _KatherineWebb is- 6'5 in heels. She is also a total winner in... Miss Alabama _KatherineWebb stopped by to say hello today. Trump Dorals renovations are right on schedule All time hit leader Pete Rose should now be in the Baseball Hall Of Fame. He has paid his penalty!
. stock went way down because of 787- so I just bought stock in - great company!
The interview with Oprah will cause Lance Armstrong huge legal and financial problems- sometimes it is better to go into a corner and hide.
I'll bet Lance Armstrong wishes he didn't do the interview with Oprah he's saying to himself what was I thinking?
. should fire  and bring back - someone that is actually funny.
. show is great for helping me get to sleep- better than Sominex.
. needs to cut back on the pot
Dumbass  has still not given me the 5 million he committed to charity- we just presented him with a demand notice.
Brent Musburger did himself a great favor by saying what everyone was thinking- he is much more popular now than before.
. apology(Brent Musburger) was a disgrace to broadcasting- stop being so politically correct!
IMO- Manti Teo was involved in a hoax for sympathy to get the Heisman Trophy.
Can it just be new age that Manti Teo fell in love with a girl he never met or is it a hoax?
Not believable that Manti Teo was in love for one year with a girl he never met- she then died. He is either very stupid....
...or mentally troubled (or a con).
Congratulations to Tom Scocca and Timothy Burke of  for exposing the Manti Teo fiasco.
The first ever All-Star Celebrity  premieres Sunday March 3rd! Look
Lance Armstrong made a really big mistake by opening up to Oprah. Ill bet he wishes he had the chance to do it over again.
Lance Armstrong was given very
Journal News readership is already down 50 percent over the years.
If everybody sued the Journal News for revealing their info (guns)- paper would go out of business.
_bean Thank you.
 Thank you.
 Write to Mark Burnett.
 Great!
_Class Thank you.
 Thank you.
 No
 Thank you- I did!
Does anyone remember this  clip when he got fired from ABC- in fact
 has not responded...not a word. His lawyers must have told him to shut up!
 He brought them on himself!
  March 3rd.
Go as far as you can see; when you get there
  Thanks and enjoy.
  March 3rd.
  Thanks Christian and good luck.
China watched Obamas press conference yesterday salivating.  We will be borrowing trillions more from them.
Glad to hear Derek Jeter just removed his boot and is practicing on the field for .  Derek is a true champion.
Our country
Re Lance Armstrongnot only was it a big lie but a big lie that lasted too long!
Does anyone really believe that Chuck Hagel is sorry for any of his past comments or supports Israel?
Were singlehandedly transferring hundreds of billions of dollars a year...
... to OPEC countries that hate our guts.  Its stupid policy.- Time To Get Tough
 is burying itself. 63% of Republican voters think  Congress is out of touch ... Is a third party coming? I hope not.
  Thanks Antoine.
. Playmate of the Year  returns to the 13th season of All Star she is smart &amp; beautiful.
The word is that Lance Armstrong will now implicate officials and others - but who knows if hes telling the truth
Hard work is my personal method for financial success.  You can do it
Do your homework before you invest.  A dumb investor is a dead investor.   Think Like a Billionaire
 Wrong!
  Scotland course held up to storm very well.
  Wrongcourse held up very well despite monster storm.
  No
We were led to believe that Jeep would manufacture in U.S. and sell to Chinalike China does to us.
Unlike U.S.
Lance Armstrongs liability &amp; lawsuits against him have just increased tenfoldhis lawyers will be very happylots of fees!
Lance Armstrong is having a breakdown. What is he doinghis life is now officially over!
From Bloomberg Chryslers Jeep expects China production agreement soon.  I told you so.
Never bet against Bob Kraft
 Thanks Bradley.
   Thanks and good luck.
You can have the most wonderful product in the world
I don't measure a man's success by how high he climbs but how high he bounces when he hits bottom.  George S. Patton
  Thanks
  Thanks.
Wheres the press?  1
Can you believe that the Afghan war is our longest war everbring our troops home
If someone says Ill bet you ten dollars and loses the bet
A savvy investor is a sponge for information. You have to read the newspapers...
Please tune in January 15th at 600AM EST
... debut her first 2013 Melania Timepieces &amp; Fashion Jewelry collection!
It is snowing in Jerusalem and across Lebanon.  Global warming!
I agree with Pres. Obama on Afghanistan.  We should have a speedy withdrawal.  Why should we keep wasting our money  rebuild the U.S.!
Everyone is starting to feel the new tax hikes.  You get what you vote for!
Theres nothing compassionate about allowing welfare dependency to be passed from generation to generation. - Time To Get Tough
Still waiting for a response from .  Does he even have $5 million?
Sadly
. did a great job last night with the !
Back by popular demand
Just as I predicted
Remember
Can you imagine if Obama had to give today's press conference before the election? He would have lost.   really blew it.
According to many
Lance Armstrong is now going to admit guiltcan that be possible after many years of denying? Just go away Lance.
Is  the dumbest man on television?I think so.
By the way
Dopey  is in for a lot of troubleI hope he has $5 million (for charity).
I am a handwriting analyst. Jack Lews handwriting shows
The Republicans have been played into a trap by the Presidentthey forgot the 14th amendment.....
...and will be very embarrassed unless they get smart fast.
I cant believe _Broncos allowed final touchdowndumbest defensive play I have ever seen in football.
Peyton Manning should have passed on 3rd down!
Congratulations to Bob Kraft and Coach Bill Belichick for having built an amazing team. 
Congratulations to Tom Brady   he is a great quarterback and a great champion!
Wow
I believe in spending what you have to.  But I also believe in not spending more than you should. - The Art of the Deal
  Thank you.
If you have a crisis
  Thank you.
   I will try!
  Thank you.
   Thanks.
  I agree.
   Thanks.
I cant wait to donate  $5 million to charity.  Just waiting on  to send me the money.
If youre still in school
Our new allies in Egypt the Muslim Brotherhood have close relations with Iran   March 3rd.
Lets get out of Afghanistan. Our troops are being killed by the Afghanis we train and we waste billions there. Nonsense!  Rebuild the USA.
  Happy Birthday
The Republicans are always worried about the pressthey should just do what is right.
The Baldwin family is well represented in the 13th season of All Star  with .  Stephen does great.
  Find work that you love. You have to have passion. That provides motivation.
DONALD TRUMP TO BILL MAHER PAY UP Donald Trump If Bill Maher Does Not Pay Off His $5 Million Bet  'Then Ill Sue Him' 2nd segment of my   interview discussing 's insult of parents and sending him $5M bill First segment of my   interview discussing  are terrible negotiators &amp; lost all their cards   I won't.
  Thanks.
  Thank you.
  Thanks and good luck.
   Great!
  Thanks
  Thanks.
  I won't.
  True!
  I will!
  Thanks!
  Thanks Melanie.
_O_TEA   Thanks.
  Thanks.
I promoted the hell out of Trump Tower
  Thank you and good luck.
   True!
  Thank you.
Again
    Thanks John.
   Thanks!
  Thanks.
   Thanks Dana.
   Thanks.
   Thanks.
  Thanks.
People love gossip. It's the biggest thing that keeps the entertainment industry going.  
   Yes.
  March 3rd
   Scary. President Obama told Boehner that the government doesn't have a spending problem  Good investors are good students. It's as simple as that. - Think Like a Billionaire
_russell Thanks Carly
  Thanks Brandon.
   Thank you.
  Thanks Dorothy.
 Thank you.
  Thanks and good luck.
_JeffH  Thanks Jeff
  Thanks.
    Thanks.
My  interview discussing 's new baby
New rule for  check the law before you make a public absolute offer.
Katherine Webb gets a Donald Trump job offer
Via  Donald Trump sends Bill Maher birth certificate
. hall of famer  brings his A game in the 13th season of All Star .  This time
_KASH   Thanks.
_huntin EST
_huntin  Thanks.
  Thanks.
  I will!
   I will.
  My honor.
 _KatherineWebb True! They are great.
  Chuckyou are greatthanks!
  So am I.
   True!
   I will!
   True!
  Thanks!
   True!
  I won't.
   Thanks.
My  interview discussing _KatherineWebb's stardom and why 's apology was unwarranted  Thank you.
  Thanks.
If you want to be a success
I will be doing  tonight on Fox at 9 oclock. Will be interesting and tough!
I hope  comes through with his $5 million offer
Money may not grow from trees
Experience is the teacher of all things. -  Julius Caesar
All successful people are high energy people who are passionate about what they do. Find a passion that energizes you. - Think Big
He's back!  returns to cause even more trouble in the13th season of All Star .
Via  Donald Trump wants Katherine Webb for Miss USA judge _Farney   Great  Good luck James
  Thank you!
      Thank you.
Small bright spot in lackluster economy -  travel industry added 81
This is how it starts. Obama is now threatening to use an Executive Order for gun control Chuck Hagel Wrong For Defense Hagel has been endorsed by China Its amazing that people can say such bad things about me but if I say bad things about them
Apparently  said something about me on his show yesterday.  I was surprised to find out he is on TV.  Who knew?!
Watch 's spot covering the first annual Trump Invitational at Mar-a-Lago   The opposite!
  Thanks. Good luck.
  Interesting.
  Thanks (I think)!
   Not true!
    Thanks.
  Thanks Chelseayou are great!
I hope  pays quickly so that this money can immediately be given to the charities.
The charities I have designated for 's donations are Police Athletic League-New York
...American Cancer Society
I have accepted  $5 million offer paid to me for charity (made on the  show).
Lawyers have sent  demand notice and necessary documentation.
  Not easy!
 I have and I do.
  Many people agree.
  Great
_biggest_fan  Great!
  Great and thanks!
. was so nervous talking about me on the  showIve never seen him like that!
 Thanks.
 Easier said than done!
  No.
 Happy New Year Sandra.
  True.  is great at what she does.
  Interesting!
  No
  Great job!
  Seems like it!
.  Keep fighting
_kaplan  Happy Birthday Kristine
Watch Eric at 9 am (EST) today on Fox 5 w/  and David Price to discuss Eric Trump Foundation's $20 million donation to St Jude
Give me a smart idiot over a stupid genius any day. - Samuel Goldwyn
   Thanks
  Thanks!
 Stay tuned!
_Loyal    LaToya is terrific.
   Truejust terrible.
  GreatI would rather it be hereby far.
   Stay tuned!
 Thanks Joe.
_Mielke  True!
  Work hard.
  She's fantastic.
_A_Pearson True!
  Interesting view!
   You shouldthey are great!
In this game
  Thank you.
  Thanks Sean.
  March 3rd.
The fans are going to love the tasks in the upcoming 13th season of All Star . The biggest yet!
We are going to ask Katherine Webb to be a judge at the Miss USA Pageant coming up in Las Vegas.
What a great couple... Katherine Webb and AJ McCarron. They are both winners!
Miss Alabama
Success breeds success.  The best way to impress people is through results.  Think Like a Billionaire
 _net  Thanks!
   I will!
_FrankG  It is greatthanks!
  Thank you.
  Thank you.
  Thanks.
   Great reminderthanks.
The Iranians are sure happy with Obamas nomination of Hagel.  Already praising Hagel as Anti-Israel Why would Obama ever nominate someone for Sec. of Defense who opposes sanctions against Iran when Obama claims to support them?
  Hi Ethan
Congratulations to  on winning the BCS championship last night!
Golf Odyssey just named Trump Scotland Golf course of the year.

WowGolf Magazine just named Trump Scotland best new course.

_wyeth  Thanks Grant.
  Great!
 Yes
   True!
   Thanks.
  True!
   Great!
What you dream about is what you will do. If you cannot even dream of doing big things
The worst thing you can possibly do in a  deal is seem desperate to make it. - The Art of the Deal
Trade with China has killed over 29% of US manufacturing jobs in the US   Thanks!
  You are right.
Glad to hear my  Monday interview continues to get big ratings.  Great way to start your week
  thankswork hard and good luck.
 _Sugar   Thanks
When you have confidence
Nominating Chuck Hagel for SOD is the wrong move for Obama.  He doesnt need the fight.  Too much political capital will be wasted.
I hope the Republicans are happy.  Just as I predicted
Trump Invitational at Mar-a-Lago was a huge success.  Raised millions for charity and was the 1st equestrian event held in Palm Beach.
.  Happy Birthday
.  Thx for the good wishesyou are going to have a really big year!
Donald Trump hosts first-ever 'Trump Invitational' at Mar-a-Lago My  interview discussing  Chuck Hagel nomination
_   Hi Morgan and good luck.
 Work hard!
  Thank you!
Take a look at this amazing photo of the cast from the first ever All Star  Never
   March 3rd.
  March 3rd.
The 13th season of All Star  is unique.  We really pushed the envelope here.  Our great and loyal fans will love it.
To all young entrepreneurs entering the business world - stay positive
Make sure you take some time to enjoy the weekend.  Important for your mind and will help you be productive next week.
  AdeleHappy Birthday.
  True!
  Thanks and Happy New Year.
_msccc  Thanks.
I aim very high
  Never give upkeep at it!
Wealth comes from big goals and sustained action toward those goals every day. - Think Big
 Thanks Jack and Happy New Year.
  You will love it!
  Nobody says this!
  Not great!
  True.
  Thank you!
  True.
  True!
  Thanks Chris
  Yes
  Doral is doing great!
Spend your time enjoying your big dreams.  - Think Big
  Try Never Give Up for lessons in tenacity.
Just shows that you can have all the cards and lose if you dont know what youre doing.
Ill bet Obama now uses the amendment for the debt ceiling.
  But a bad one!
  True and true!
  Thanks Heidi.
  I love what  is doing.
  They just acted but it was Obama that promised!
  Perhaps so!
  I told you so!
  Thanks
  That is something to think about
  Something used on occasion by many of the world's greatest businessmen.
The Trump Organization is going revolutionize Rio de Janeiros downtown port area with Trump Towers. Construction begins soon!
Republicans had all the cards but not the guts to make a great deal!
Great to see Sec. Clinton leaving the hospital yesterday with  and Pres. Clinton.  Glad she is recuperating.
So Obama and Congress can waste billions in Iraq &amp; Afghanistan building roads &amp; schools but cant get money to the NJ &amp; NY Sandy victims?
The Republicans look so weak and foolishwhat the hell are they doing?
  Dopey
   She was great!
Think of yourself as a one-man army.  Youre not only the commander in chief
_4  Thanks.
  Thanks.
  Wilson!
_1 Yes     Thankslet's see what happens.
  Good place!
   Sounds like it!
The boardroom has never been as intense as in the upcoming13th season of All Star . Premieres March 3rd on !
In the end
  March 3rd.
  The Art of the Deal is a good start.
_187  Mimiperhaps because they are losers.
 I get you!
  I do complain.
 I fully understand your question.
 Thanks
I can't believe Republican leadership allowed such a stupid deal to be made. They are rapidly giving up all of their cards.
Via  Trump Not Happy with Republicans Donald Trump on cliff Other countries are eating our lunch   Yes
  True!
 Wilsonbut he probably won't get it.
  Isn't that so true! And by the millions.
 A total mess!
   Third party is tough.
 GretaDon't let it get you downyou are a winner and Tina is not.
. &amp;  &amp; Luck are very special playerswill be great playoff games.
If you strike out
New York City hosted over 52 million visitors in 2012. Congrats to he's right to be suing  over the ridiculous deal made by the trustees of Penn State This deal  voted for has $41 in tax increases for every $1 in spending cuts.  It is pathetic.  Obama is laughing at them.
Make sure you realize that this deal is only a stop gap measure.Obama will be looking to raise even more taxes in the coming negotiation..
...RememberI told you so.
Obama's deal raises taxes on 77% of national households.  With Obama Care taxes kicking in now
Medicare payments have become so unpredictable that record amount of doctors are now leaving Via  Donald Trump 'Republicans May Be The Worst Negotiators In History'

. election loss and failed negotiations will serve as a case study in how third parties come about.
The Republicans must face reality &amp; create a strong &amp; positive immigration policyif not they will continue to lose elections.
If we get tough and make the hard choices
Congratulations to  on celebrating 100 days in her bone marrow transplant recovery.  Robin is a special person.
I always follow my own instincts
Donald Trump praises  and welcomes him back to All Star  The party of the year in Palm Beach was the New Year's Eve celebration at the Mar-a-Lago Clubit was amazing. My  interview from Monday discussing Obamas tone
Does any Republican have the ability to negotiate?
This is a terrible deal for the country and an embarrassment for Republicans!
Maybe Boehner will stop this one sided deal in the House...I hope so!
What is Mitch McConnell thinking?...make the big deal!
I am a Republican...but the Republicans may be the worst negotiators in history!
Obama and the Democrats are laughing at the deal they just made...the Republicans got nothing!
_6  Thanks
  Sounds niceand thanks. Happy New Year to you and yours.
You have to set higher and higher goals.  You have to want more or you will start slipping backwards fast.  Think BIG
Visiting New York City?  Make sure to skate in the world famous Trump Rink in Central Park     Raising large sums of money for charitiesand they do a great job.
Leverage dont make deals without it.  The Art of The Deal
Raising the capital gains tax in this fragile economic time is the dumbest thing Washington could do.  So they will probably do it.
 The Art of the Deal is a good start.
  Thankshave fun!
I always enjoy watching young entrepreneurs enter the business world.  I can tell who reads my books and who doesnt.  
Once again Obama is going to lose on another prospective nomination. Chuck Hagel will not be named Sec. of Defense&amp; probably shouldn't be.
Obama wants taxes to go up so he can take credit for lowering them next year.
_Lipton  March 3rd.
Any deal completed before the fiscal curb must have tangible cuts on expenditures
The Republicans once again hold all the cards with the debt ceiling.  They can get everything they want.  Focus!
 _Wiliem98  Thank you.
My  interview re how the debt ceiling is key point
Spolier alertthe record setting 13th season of All Star  also features the return of previous winners in the boardroom.
Donald Trump on Fiscal Cliff and Obama True courage is being afraid
Sorry to hear of yesterdays passing of General Norman Schwarzkopf.  He was a terrific general and leaderwe could use more like him.
 Thank you. Wishing you and yours a Happy New Year too.
  Good luck.
  Thanksand Happy New Year to you.
  Yeshe is a great guy!
 Thank you.
  Yes!
  Even morethanks.
  Good.
   I hope so!
_nicca    She was great!
To be successful
Republicans rememberdebt ceiling
Its Thursday.  How much time did Washington waste today trying to find a solution on the so-called fiscal cliff?
. Donald Trump I told the Republicans the debt ceiling talks should come before election&amp; we would have a Republican presidentthey wouldnt listen.
I hate hearing after all of the hard work that  never wanted to become President.
Back by popular demand
When renovations are completed
Congratulations to  - the state is really making progress - and fast!
Watching these politicians trying to get a deal done is truly painful - Republicans are in a much stronger position than they think.
Must read  column by Senator Phil Gramm - The Multiple Distortions of Wind Subsidies Im a great believer in asking everyone for an opinion before I make a decision. Its a natural reflex.  The Art of The Deal
Donald Trump GOP Has Nuclear Weapon In Fiscal Cliff Negotiation
My Monday  interview discussing the fiscal cliff negotiations
From my family to yours...I want to wish you all a very merry Christmas!
 Yes
  I agree!
 Sounds like the best place!
 Thanks!
There is no better place in the world to spend Christmas than Mar-a-Lago . really happy with how well the  pageant went.
  Thanks and good luck.
  Thanks Lisa
Deals are my art form.  I like making deals
 Thank you.
Miss Universe Ratings  6.1 Million Viewers Best Since 2008

 Happy Birthday Leah
 Thank you Susan.
Donald Trump to Build Trump Towers Complex in Rio de Janeiro How is  editor Graydon Carter allowed to run bad food restaurant Beatrice Inn? Fire Graydon!
Washington is in total gridlockno trust
Dopey I never went bankruptABC already apologized to me for your stupid statement in the pastthey didn't want a lawsuit.
.If America's Got Talent uses you
  Thanks Allison!
   Thanks Jaime
_13  I hope so.
_Brush   Thanks Matt.
  He is a loser who will self-destruct
 True!
  Thanks is a total jokejust like !
_MoneyRacks  Thanks Joey!
Work hard
I find hope in the darkest of days
   Hi John
Our new  Olivia Culpo is not only beautiful but intelligent and accomplished.  She is a wonderful role model.
_MIXa49  KevinCongratsyou are a winner!
You get what you vote for.  US credit rating is about to be downgraded once again   Fun!
  The Art of the Deal.
  Good move!
    They were both terrific!
 The Apprentice will be great!
When I bought the  pageant 13 years ago
...now its the greatest pageant on earth broadcast in 190 countries to 1 billion peoplehot!
Ratings for  pageant were highest in 4 years.  likes me (and I like them!)
China is robbing us blind in trade deficits and stealing our jobs
   Very wrong dopey!
  Thanks Justin.
    Which magazine went bust under Carter and as I predicted!
Congratulations to all the Trump 2012  contestants who came from across the world. You did great and made us all proud!
  You have to love what you doyou need passion to succeed.
  Good reason for a celebration.
The biggest doers often suffer the biggest setbacks in life...
... So if you want to aim high
  I will!
   Great move!
   Hard work but fun.
  Thanks!
Via  Miss USA Olivia Culpo is crowned Miss Universe  Ratings increase 15% over last year. Watch  Olivia Culpo crowned  as  2012 in the Trump  Pageant    No
   You can and you willwork hard.
   Thanks Kevin
   WrongGraydon Carter has no talent and looks like shit! Also
  I agree on both counts!
   I don't. Graydon Carter sends it to me free!
Be sure to watch  tonight at 8PM on  with its first simulcast on !
The  women totally blow away the Victorias Secret women!
Dummy Graydon Carter doesn't like me too much...great news. He is a real loser! 
  Thanks!
If Sheena Monnin apologized for her mistake
Sheena Monnin acted terribly...she got what she deserved!
  March 3rd.
Tweet me tonight who your favorite is during the live telecast of the Miss Universe Pageant.
Back by popular demand
This is a buyers market.  Buy now.  You will thank me in 3 years.
The  Pageant is the biggest pageant of them allby far!
Pageant people are really talking about Venezuela
Okay
. looks like a dying magazine! Really really boring
Worst ever issue of  magazinebad food Graydon Carter should be fired!
  Great idea re minute of silence tonightthank you.
I hope Newtown CT can now start to healbut it wont be easy!
. Olivia Culpo has been a star
Miss Universe contestants are amazingthe most beautiful ever!
They asked me to dress as Santa Claus to open Miss Universe tonightIm thinking about it!
In Las Vegas for the Miss Universe Pageantairing tonight on  at 8 oclock.
Courage is contagious. When a brave man takes a stand
  I also protect myself by being flexible.  I never get too attached to one deal or one approach.  The Art of The Deal
  Thanks Joe.
  It's a great hotel and city
Via  The Miss Universe contestants glow with elegance during the Trump Holiday Party _penny  Hi Jean
Many people advised me not to buy the Miss Universe pageant.  They were all wrong. The deal worked out to be a great one!
The tragedy in Newtown really makes you understand how life is so fragile. Must appreciate every minute!
In light of Newtown
Donald Trumps Miss USA Pageant Scores $5 Million Legal Victory Following Rigged Claims Video game violence &amp; glorification must be stoppedit is creating monsters!
I find the photos of these children killed in Newtown in the New York Post heartbreaking.
President Obama spoke for me and every American in his remarks in  Connecticut.
In moments like this
A horrible day for Newtown
Windmills are destroying every country they touch- and the energy is unreliable and terrible.  I never went bankrupt.
_waitforit_J  I never went bankrupt.
_xoxo  I never went bankrupt.
  Dopey
  Thanks Derek- and true!
_hustlerr Thanks Hailey- you sound great!
Thousands of fans have been sending letters to Trump Tower in anticipation of .  Really good show.
All the things I love is what my business is all about. - 
Watching Pyongyang terrorize Asia today is just amazing!
A friend is one who has the same enemies as you have.  Abraham Lincoln
We cant even stop the Norks from blasting a missile.  China is laughing at us.  It is really sad.
There is no worse feeling than being trapped in a job you do not enjoy.  You have to love what you do. - Think Big
Egypt is a total mess. We should have backed Mubarak instead of dropping him like a dog.
The gorgeous contestants of Trump Miss Universe are so excited to be simulcast on both  and .  Will be a beautiful show!
I have helped many friends and colleagues in their business ventures.  They always thank me after they succeed. 
You get what you vote for.  21% of small business owners planning to cut their workforce in 2013     March 3rd. Tune in!
  Happy Birthday
The amazing Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles. No money wasted like bad adsthe Republicans spent more &amp; got nothing for it.
Can you believe the Republicans are studying the Democrats on how to win an election?
I let  come back on the record 13th season of All Star  after he relentlessly begged me togood t.v.
Argyll grandmother takes UK and EU to the United Nations over plans to turn Scotland into windfarm 'hedgehog'   For those of you in trouble(in these troubled times)never
   Happy Anniversary Teresa
Re Real Estate You dont necessarily need the best location. What you need is the best deal
you can enhance location through promotion and work.
Re Life  Life is very fragile and success doesnt change that. If anything
The biggest doers often suffer the biggest setbacks in life.  So if you want to aim high
Great  we are sending even more F-16s to the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt The Republicans must use the debt ceiling as leverage to make a great deal!
Its Tuesday.  How many more customers has Glenfiddich lost today?
Trump Miss Universe
  March 3rdtune in!
Fans like winners. They come to watch stars  great
Hes back and causing more trouble than ever before!  returns in the record 13th season of All Star .
Mogul Donald Trump has many powerful friends. And it turns out one of them is Anna Wintour. Donald Trump Anna Wintour Ambassadorship Would Be A Favor To The Country TRUMP GOP MUST DUMP 'USELESS' ROVE TO WIN PRESIDENTIAL ELECTIONS Negotiation tip   I always go into the deal anticipating the worst...
...If you plan for the worstif you can live with the worstthe good will always take care of itself.
Negotiation tip   The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it.
China is buying so many of our companies its really getting bad.
. re my Scottish course Quite simply
_29  Thank you
 Thanks Cody
   Happy Birthday LeviWork hard!
The UK is seriously thinking about halting wind turbine subsidies. Good news
Some dope tweeted my message to my friend Bill Belichick incorrectlythey called him Bob. Sorry Bill!  
Being true to yourself equals being true to your brand. That's the solid foundation that stands the test of time.  Midas Touch
If you love your work
Good luck to Bob Kraft
I believe in spending what you have to.  But I also believe in not spending more than you should.-The Art of The Deal
If the Republicans ever want to win a presidential election in the next 30 years they must get rid of .  He is useless.
I still don't get how  spent $400 million &amp; lost all.
The Ground Zero Mosque should not go up where planned. It is wrong.  My offer still stands to buy the property.  Good deal for everyone.
The lunatics in Congress banned the word lunatic from Congress last week You cant con people
Great win by the  yesterday.  If they run the table
Great knockout on Saturday by Juan Manuel Marquez on Manny Pacquiao.  A great fight!
The government is borrowing 46 cents on every dollar it spends The Chinese are smart.  They bought up over $7B in US housing last year China is about to acquire a unit of AIG
I just bought stock in Tiffany &amp; Company and McDonald's. Two ends of the spectrum but I like both companies.
Dopey Sugar _Sugaryou are the worst kind of losera total fool.
._Sugar  If you didnt say the iPod would be gone in a year
Dopey Sugar _Sugar You should thank me for having created the platform on which you became knownThe Apprentice. Say Thank you Donald
Dopey Sugar_Sugar  Isnt it sad that my golf course in Scotland just got best new course in the worldits worth more than you are!
Dopey Sugar _Sugar  Bad ratingscome on
Dopey Sugar _Sugar  I hear your ratings last week were at an all time lowyou better get them up or you'll be fired.
Dopey Sugar _Sugar  I never go silent. I was buying a major property in Floridaa property worth more than you are!
Sorry for such silencespent weekend at closing of Ritz Carlton in Jupiter
People ask me what I do in my free time. The answerI don't have any.
This is such a special time to be in New York City.  No better city in the world to celebrate Christmas!
Many people still out of power in Staten Island.  Absolutely ridiculous.  Why can't they get service?
This year's Trump Miss Universe Pageant is comprised of truly beautiful women.Will be simulcast live December 19th on  and .
Today's job report is not a good sign &amp; we could be facing another recession. No real job growth. We need over 300K new jobs a month.
Quote of the Day Donald Trump Decrees Boycott on Glenfiddich Scotch Back by popular demand
Via  Donald Trump to Lord Sugar 'Drop to your knees and thank me' I just retained Sir Nick Faldo to be the architect of the Red Course at Doralhe will do a tremendous job! 
To Tom Brady  and GiseleBest wishes on the birth of your daughter. Tom is a great player and great friend.
Dopey  _Sugar  I'm worth $8 billion and you're worth peanuts...without my show nobody would even know who you are.
Dopey _Sugar  People are calling in saying you are being beaten badly w/ the tweets...
..._Sugar  You need the income from the show to keep goinghope it doesn't hurt.
There are 2 things Ive found Im very good at overcoming obstacles and motivating good people to do their best work.The Art of The Deal
Dopey Sugar _Sugar  The wind turbines are ruining the beauty &amp; majesty of Scotland...
._Sugar....but you wouldnt notice because you have no vision and you are a total loser.
._Sugar - nice call on predicting that the iPOD would be dead
Dopey Sugar._Sugar  ...Your net worth doesn't even qualify you to host the Apprentice.  Keep making me money.
Dopey Sugar _SugarI'm worth more than $8 billion
Sugar _Sugar  Why don't you tell the public what you're really worththey would be very disappointed.
Sugar _Sugar  Unlike yours
  Thank you.
 True!
A general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him. Douglas MacArthur
 _Sugar   No
Sugar _Sugaryou should say thank you
...instead of biting the hand that feeds you! Dont bother
_Sugar   Sugar
We are way over the fiscal cliff.  And with Obama Care being fully implemented in less than 14 months
Alex Rodriguez has played under 140 games in each of the last five seasons. He will miss half of next season.  Really bad deal for .
Dopey _SugarLook in the mirror and thank the real Lord that Donald Trump exists. You are nothing!
 _Sugar   I easily could but as long as Sugar is making me money (it's my show) I won'tunlike Sugar
When I made the Apprentice the  show in the US
... and many others. Drop to your knees
Sugar _SugarKeep working hard so I make plenty of $ with your show...
...You have little persona
Sugar _Sugarunlike you
.... to do The Apprentice but I approved you anyway. Without my show youd be nothing!
._Sugar  If you think ugly windmills are good for Scotland you are an even worse businessman than I thought...
... and
 25 days to go until fiscal cliff (bad name)it is only a fiscal curb! Debt ceiling is real fiscal cliff.. will be interesting!
  Dopey
Youre all wrongcheck the facts! UK is massively subsidizing Scotlands wind turbines &amp; the people dont want them.
How can George Osborne reduce UK debt while spending billions to subsidize Scotlands garbage wind turbines that are destroying the country?
When I renovated Wollman Rink in Central Park
... and opened a full month ahead of schedule.  Case is taught in Wharton.
  Work hard and love what you do!
  Thanks and yes!
    Thank you.
   Thanks Darlene.
  Thanks Rob!
All the contestants have arrived to compete in Trump Miss Universe Pageant in Las Vegas. Todays welcoming ceremony will be terrific!
My support of Anna Wintour for Ambassador got a lot of coverage.  She is smart and will be a strong advocate for the US.
Via  Trump endorses Wintour for ambassadorship Karzai of Afghanistan is not sticking with our signed agreement. They are dropping us like dopes. Get out now and re-build U.S.!
  Wowvery nice!
     Don't be so sure!
    Work hard!
  Kris
  He is a loserAndy Murray is a winner!
 I built perhaps the greatest golf course in the worldlots of tourismyou shouldn't!
Is PM Cameron a dummy? With monumental cuts in UK spending
....on ruining Scotlands beauty with ugly &amp; costly wind turbines?
Scots should boycott Glenfiddich garbage for not choosing great Olympic &amp; U.S. Open champ Andy Murray over total loser Michael Forbes.
 I will!
   And you looked great last night Lara.
Twisted Sister frontman  shines in the record 13th season of All Star . The Iron Man of Rock and Roll is great!
Republicans have the cards because of the debt ceilingbut it doesnt seem that way!
25 days to go until fiscal cliff (bad name)it is only a fiscal curb! Debt ceiling is real fiscal cliff...and that will be interesting!
    Your performance was great last nightBQ will win.
     The greatest compliment of allthanks!
    Thanks Rodyou're a great player and guy.
 Truebut keep up the good work!
. you cant make a great deal go over the cliff &amp; negotiate new deal along with debt ceiling in February!Trump 101.
Speaker  seems to have gained strength in housea good thing!
Dave Brubeck was great and will be missed!
I like thinking big.  To me its very simple if youre going to be thinking anyway
  Thanks!
  So do most smart people!
 Thank you.
 Soonthanks.
   Truethanks.
_deb  Thank you.
Christmas waves a magic wand over this world
 is such an embarrassment that  is keeping him off air I dont see the point of being politically correct if that means actually being incorrect.  Donald J. Trump 'Midas Touch'
   Thanks
 Thank you.
 Thank you
. Dan
The record 13th season of All Star  features the return of the beautiful . The fans love her!
I am happy to hear that Pres.Obama is considering giving Anna Wintour  an ambassadorship.  She is a winner &amp; really smart!
Via   Awards for Trumps golf course    You would not even believe how dirty &amp; disgusting his property isclean it with joke Glenfiddich.
  I know you are jealous of Forbes &amp; a total loser.
 Thanks
  Thanks
. is doing really well &amp; soon coming to Broadway.
 Can't pick a favoritethanks.
We are getting rid of all Glenfiddich garbage alcohol from Trump properties.
Tell Top Scot Michael Forbes to clean up his propertyit is an embarrassment to Scotland.
Glenfiddich is a jokeshould have chosen Andy MurrayU.S. Open &amp; Olympic gold winneras Top Scot instead of a total loser!
  DavidI hear you are jealous &amp; angry that Forbes got the award over youtwo losers!
  Yesit is great!
  Thanks Jeff.
   Happy Birthday Andrew
 Thanksand good luck.
  Thanks.
If you are planning to visit the world famous Trump Tower Atrium
The addition of the iconic Doral Resort to the Trump portfolio is one of the most exciting transactions The stock of my shirt and tie maker just hit an all-time highgreat goinggreat product!
A-Rod  had hip surgery &amp; will be out 6 months. Do you notice all the druggies have bad hips.
The  should break A-Rod's contract immediatelyhe misrepresented.
.
 will do great in his new talk show on CBS. Hes really got what it takes!
 QB  is a very special player.  He is exciting to watch and smart on the field.  Amazing talent.
How could Michael Forbes get Scot of the Year when he lostbadlyto me &amp; Andy Murray
Congratulations to David Wright on signing a long term extension with the .  David is an exceptional player and person.
Fan favorite  once again shines in the record 13th season of 'All Star' .  He is an amazing &amp; wonderful guy!
  Larry
  Thanks Wendy.
 Thanks
  Thanks.
  But hard work!
Great defense by the  this weekendcongratulations to  6 points allowed!
Just won the highest rated sanitary award in NYan A&amp; the food is great also. Trump Grill/ 57th &amp; 5th.
Just completed purchase of magnificent Ritz Carlton in Jupiter
The networks are all driving me crazy to do television showsa ratings machinebut because of Apprentice have been loyal  to NBC.
The Democrats have zero intention of coming to any deal on the fiscal cliff.  They will raise taxes and blame it on the Republicans.
  Logan You are wrong on this is a tough &amp; talented guy&amp; very loyala rarity in life.
Michael Forbes is a loser who failed to stop what was just named the golf course of the year and which has brought ...
Michael Forbes lives in a pigsty and bad liquor company Glenfiddich gave him Scot of the Year award...
Comic  bombed at University of Texas at Arlingtoncrowd was dismal as was his performanceI told you so!
  True!
I take great pride watching skaters enjoy the  Rink in Central Park from my officeworld's best skating rink  Happy Birthday and best wishes.
. shines in the record 13th season of All Star .  The Baldwin clan will be proud of Stephen.
Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference.  Winston Churchill
I am watching the New York mayoral race very closely
The Daily Snooze publishes lies about me. They should be ashamed but it will die very soon.
Obama is laughing at Karl Rove &amp; all the losers who spent hundreds of millions of dollars and didnt win one race
Karl Rove is now making excuses for his total wasting of $400Mnot one win(the Republicans better get smart next time)...
... Time for the Republicans to find someone newand better.
Gold just set another record high on price with the largest physical gold sales on record Obama is totally tweaking the Republicans because he doesnt respect themtheyve got to change their ways.
I am very proud of  for her work with .   is a great cause helping children Its about time for all Americans (Republicans &amp; Democrats) to force our elected officials to start acting fiscally responsible!
Trump Brand Expands To South America The Donald Lends His Name To Luxury Tower In Uruguay . (Brian Williams
Was with  yesterdaygreat golfer
I'll be honored  at the Family Business Dynasties Gala in NYC on December 5th. It will be a great event for a great cause.
As I said on  this a.m.
... The Republicans just didnt resonate with the peoplebut they will have better days.
Thank you to  for her wonderful acknowledgement this morning on ...
... The NY Daily Snooze totally lied and never even called my kids!
Now that its almost over

Im surprised that Gabriel Aubry has settled so quickly and easily with Hallein the long run it was a wise decision.
 Trump National Golf Club Los Angelesit fronts the Pacific Ocean and is spectacular.
 Try Trump Grill in Trump Tower. Excellent food
In calling my tweets obnoxious
France is losing its businesses and wealth rapidly and day by day.
  Very nice
NYPD Officer Larry DePrimo has made the entire city proud with a his generous act of kindness        Thanks!
_11 Motivation is key
Congratulations to  for winning November in the cable news rating race with 9 of 10 top shows Team Trump with the recipients of our donations in the Rockaways.     Hi Sage
   I agreeand thanks.
_jensen  Thanks!
  Thanksyou will love it.
   You won't be disappointed!
Golf Odyssey
Always enjoy appearing on .   &amp;  were terrific yesterday.
A clip from guest hosting  yesterday on  discussing Halle
Back by popular demand
He who knows when he can fight and when he cannot
While Derek Jeter is training every day in the off season
.  child molestation sex scandal is the latest in continued downward spiral of BBC.I know personally they do not check for accuracy
As a favor to my friends at EXTRA
Crude is about to pass $90/barrel.  The OPEC monopoly must be broken.  They are robbing our country blind.
Its Thursday.  How much did OPEC steal from all of us today?
Steven Spielberg is a great filmmaker. Go see Lincoln.
   Agreed.
  Thanks!
The Trump Tower restaurant
Ivanka Trump defends her dad The Countryside Party just formed in Scotland to fight ugly wind turbines &amp; . Congrats to Jim Crawford &amp; Countryside Party.
Scottish government having  huge backlash on wind turbines.  is becoming very unpopular.
A look at the Trump hotel planned for the Old Post Office pavilion FM  of Scotland spent more than $750
Great that Pres. O is seeing  todaylots of good things can happen.
Jerry Finkelstein passed away last nighta great New York mover &amp; shaker &amp; a really great guy!
  Thanks!
 Good luck Joe!
My son
... where he raised 2 million dollars for the wonderful kids. Eric has a great heart!
Networks are all wanting me to do showslike it or not a ratings machine! but time
Its often necessary to boast
One of the keys to thinking big is total focus.  THE ART OF THE DEAL
I always enjoy speaking to young aspiring entrepreneurs.  They are hungry
Visiting LA?  Be sure to make a reservation at Trump National Golf Club You cant know it all yourselfanyone who thinks that they do is destined for mediocrity.  The Way To The Top
The most important thing in communication is hearing what isn't said.  Peter Drucker
7 of 10 Americans prefer 'Merry Christmas' over 'Happy Holidays' Pervert alertserial sexter  is making another step towards a comeback Gabriel Aubry should learn how to fighthe became a punching bag. Always drama with Halle B!
Susan Rice is a good woman but Pres. O should not taunt the Republicans by appointing her S of S...
...Get along &amp; make deals for the good of the country!
Be sure to visit the world renowned Trump Tower Atrium to see our holiday decorations.

Why do the Republicans always negotiate against themselves in public?  Watching them operate these fiscal negotiations is painful.
Treasury has refused to name China a currency manipulator even though the yuan remains significantly undervalued I still cant get over how the Republicansmy friendsspent hundreds of millions of dollars on such terrible &amp; ineffective ads.
I just left the Doral in Miamiit is going to be amazing!

Anthony Hopkins is a truly great actorI love everything he does!
Face reality as it is
You can benefit from others wisdom. Not just their mistakes but the good decisions and insight they have to offer.  The Way To The Top
To keep your goals alive you must take action every day. No one should care about your money and success more than you do.  Think Big
  Thanks
    Thanks Debbie
  A great place!
  Thanks
Its more important to be smart than tough. I know businessmen who are brutally tough
_biggest_fan   Ivanka is a great example.
  Congratulations and all the best to you.
    March 3rd.
    They raise a great deal of money for good causes and work hard at it.
   Thanksit will be great.
Are you ready for the All Star ?   is back in the upcoming season...which is the best yet!
Join  to get  to 100k followers. Beautiful girl with stage 4 cancer.


The best thing you can do is deal from strength
China just landed a jet on an aircraft carrier stolen from a U.S. design. ...It's called intellectual property rights
US tourists threaten to boycott Scotland over windfarms' The Muslim Brotherhood dictator in Egypt is bad news.  He will never be our true ally!
Want to know why China is growing?  They can build the worlds tallest building in 90 days With the economy still on a downward trajectory
...and borrow cheap!  You will thank me someday.
_29  This will be the best season yet..March 3rd is the premiere.
 Thanks
 Thanks and Happy Holidays.
  Trump Tower is decorated and the city looks beautiful. Enjoy!
  Agreed.
When youre hot the lowlifes really shoot at you... and they try hitting from every angle! Never let the bastards get you down.
Glad to see my interview with Ronald Kessler _Media. Hopefully the  can get the message.
. actually gave me a positive story yesterday!
RT _Media  Donald Trump Mean-Spirited GOP Won't Win Elections  Wind turbines are totally destroying the areas in which they are locatedall for unreliable
You have to set higher and higher goals. You have to want more or you will start slipping backwards fast.  Think Big
Take a chance! All life is a chance. The man who goes farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare.   Dale Carnegie
A president either is constantly on top of events or
... I never felt that I could let up for a moment.  Harry S. Truman
Democracy cannot succeed unless those who express their choice are prepared to choose wisely...
Glad to see 9 more Iraq and Afghan war veterans joining the next Congress Think of yourself like a one-man army.  You're not only the commander in chief
In war there is no substitute for victory.  Douglas MacArthur
Windmills are a bigger safety hazard than either coal or oil If taxes are raised to avoid the fiscal cliff
Most people can learn from their own experiences quite well
Congratulations to the Rolling Stones on marking their 50th anniversary in London.
If you treat people right they will treat you right...ninety percent of the time.  Franklin D. Roosevelt
Hope everyone enjoyed their Thanksgiving. But get ready
My kids never negatively discussed my criticism of President Obama with me or anyone...it's not in their nature!
The dishonest NY Daily News reporter advised my rep in writing
The dying NY Daily News put out a false report about my kids not wanting me to criticize Obama...totally false!
HAPPY THANKSGIVING to everyoneI love you all
I also protect myself by being flexible.  I never get too attached to one deal or one approach.  THE ART OF THE DEAL
On December 19th the  pageant will be broadcast live in over 190 countries to one billion viewers. 
It does not cost anything to dream.  Spend your time enjoying your big dreams.  Think Big
I am having 600 Thanksgiving dinners sent to the Rockawaysprepared by my wonderful Trump Grill/Trump Tower staff. 
For those asking
Direct foreign investments continue to flow into China at over $100B a year I hope Washington makes a good deal to avert the fiscal cliff.  Both sides need to work together.
Pres. Obamas steady support of  throughout this crisis helped stop the war.  He did a good job.
. is once again at the top of her game in the upcoming All Star season of .  Amazing in the boardroom...
. has just been awarded the AAA Five Diamond Award. Congratulations to the team for this great recognition of their amazing work.
A pessimist is one who makes difficulties of his opportunities...
...and an optimist is one who makes opportunities of his difficulties.  Harry S. Truman
We are not retreatingwe are advancing in another direction.   Douglas MacArthur
The Holiday Season in New York City is a very special time. I love seeing and meeting the many tourists who visit the  Tower atrium.
   It will be great!
  Thanks!
  Thanks!
 Work hard!
   True!
  Thanks!
_P  I am very truthful!
_Panos  Love what you do!
  Thank you!
 A great compliment.
  Thanks Keith!
If everyone is thinking alike
Obama met with Chinese Premier Wen yesterday France was just stripped of its AAA bond rating.  With the PMs radical tax rates...
...expect the country to be further downgraded in the future. The rich are all leaving!
The best luck of all is the luck you make for yourself.  Douglas MacArthur
I was nice to loser  and she attacked meit just shows never let up with a bully. They only fade when you hit them hard!
I am going to give  a pass.   is desperate to get back on TV so she can be on yet another show that can be quickly canceled.
A must read for any country or community considering wind turbines. The EU just dropped their self-imposed carbon tax.  I bet they wish they had all that money back!
Even such traits as who makes the most eye contact in conversation can be an indication of who seeks to dominate. Think Like A Billionaire
The upcoming All Star season of  has  returning to compete.  She doesnt disappoint!
What you dream about is what you do. If you cannot even dream of doing big things
The  is doing amazing work helping the children...
... at St. Jude Children's Research Hospital FLASHBACK  Donald Trump Answers Boys Prayer for New Bike I gave out the Male Athlete of the Year Award last night to my friend  Olympic medalsa record that will never be broken.
We should remember that during this entire Petraeus episode
... It is time to get out and rebuild our own nation.
Washington must come together on a deal to avoid a fiscal cliff.  If taxes are raised
Don't go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first.   Mark Twain
We are fully supportive of 's right to defend itself.  

Remember victims of Hurricane Sandy  during Thanksgiving. Many will not be celebrating the holiday in comfort.Their lives are in turmoil!
 DummyI never went bankrupt.
Petraeus is already negotiating a book deal.  The World Bank is tying poverty to climate change Don't take vacations.  What's the point?  If you're not enjoying your work
Rapper Mac Miller's song
Reports are out there that many CEOs of charities are getting overpaid
... ...Do your research before donating this holiday season!
. Caryl M. Stern CEO is driving around in a Rolls Royce...
...while her charity is getting less than 5 cents per donated dollar. She should be ashamed!
. CEOs salary in 2011 was $951
All because of me- people dont care about you Cher.  My week on twitter 1k retweets 
The Hostess closing did not have to happenshould have been an easy deal to make.
Does anyone really believe that President Obama found out about Petraeus immediately after the election?
Everybody tells me not to hit back at the lowlifes that go after me for PRsorry
My  interview discussing the Benghazi cover-up
.stop calling my office for me to do your rather gross showI have less interest in you than Andre.
. trying to get your hotelier boyfriend backa lost causehe can do much better!
It makes me feel so good to hit sleazebags back  much better than seeing a psychiatrist (which I never have!)
The Mar-a-Lago club in Palm Beach is one of the most successful places on earth in raising money for charitya great feeling!
  Laurenyou are fantastic and an inspiration.
.
Now China is trying to take over a U.S. airbase Much as it pays to emphasize the positive
With the run on our dollar about to take place
Fiscal cliff negotiations have officially begun between the President and Congress-Washington must come together and make a deal.
Trump could be great friend if Second Amendment enthusiasm is real Congratulations to   on becoming the first knuckleball pitcher to ever win the CY Young award!
I have an open door policy for my employees. I'm accessible because I like to know what's going on.  The Midas Touch

A house divided against itself cannot stand. Abraham Lincoln
President Obama
  You are very nice
  Thanks!
_berens  True!
  They must actually like me!
_xoxo Thanks!
  Thanks!
 Good!
  I understand your message.
 It is
If the government doesn't start working together
With our record debt &amp; trillion $ deficits
All our dreams can come true
Don't assume you have to accept the hand you were dealt.  Think Like A Billionaire
Yesterday the Christmas tree arrived at Rockefeller Plaza.  An iconic event for New York!
Donald Trump's Guns by   Golf bookings for next season on Scottish course are already double our projections for April openinggreat news... Announced 3 years ago that Scottish course would close in winter
  I agree!
Our country is being torn apart from the insideit's getting nasty out there.
    I agree
  Fantastic!
   You sound great!
  Interesting!
  I will Paul
  I didthanks for remembering.
  Thank you Joey
 Thanks Erek
Just signed contract to purchase the Ritz Carlton in Jupiter
 Old story
. Thanks for the nice statement
_deb   I agree
 Thanks Mark
  Thanks!
Busy dayworking on buying a major propertyand creating lots of jobs.
Social media has changed the news &amp; communication landscape for good. Everything must be up to date by the second instead of the hour or day
A former classmate
Obamas own top donor is now laying employees off and lowering hours in anticipation of Obama Care Trump Towers
The Blue Monster at Trump National Doral. I never did give anybody hell. I just told the truth and they thought it was hell.

Had a great time going over renovations for Trump National Doral this past weekend. It is going to be amazing. To aspiring entrepreneurs
Celebrate 2013  with downtown's nicest  party. Get your tickets now Gen. Petraeus has agreed to testify in the Senate on Benghazi. I will be watching.
Help those affected by .  is giving $10 per booking made by 11/23 to  for . You can have the best product in the world
The upcoming record 13th season of  is going to be very special.  Our production team's ingenuity is amazing.
The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary.  Vince Lombardi
     Sunday
    He is on and he's great!
  Don't be scaredwe will come back.
First of all
Its amazing how people can talk about me but Im not allowed to talk about them.
.I dont wear a rugits mine. And I promise not to talk about your massive plastic surgeries that didnt work.
General Petreus and his family are paying a big price!
. should spend more time focusing on her family and dying career!
Paula Broadwell's book on Gen. Petreus is titled All In. Did she know something?
Our $17T national debt and $1T yearly budget deficits are a national security risk of the highest order.
Don't forget Benghazi.
The sex scandal at the CIA and Pentagon is rapidly unfoldinggetting more interesting by the minute!
After Fridays Twilight release
.  Standing in front of wind turbines is sad. Rachel
...they are costly
My fragranceSuccess is flying off the shelves . The perfect Christmas gift!
.  DavidThank you
Strong men have sound ideas and the force to make these ideas effective.  Andrew Mellon
Scary  in the past 90 days
No surprise that  is in a major scandal for shoddy journalism.  Any network that airs  garbage has zero credibility.
How come every time I show anger
Businesses have already started massive layoffs and reducing employees hours due to Obama Care.  Reality is setting in.
Surprise-In a post-election delayed release
Yesterday was Veterans Day.  I hope our armed service members felt appropriately honored.  This nation loves and respects all of you.
We just passed 1.9M followers &amp; gained over 250
When someone attacks me
I am a very calm person but love tweeting about both scum and positive subjects. Whenever I tweet
Trump International Golf Links was just rated one of the greatest courses in the world. Virtually all reviews are saying the same thing.
The people of Scotland love Trump International Golf Links.
Aberdeen tourism is booming because of my great Scottish golf club.
Many political pundits are using the term Art of the Deal.... they should thank me. That is my term and book title.
Never ever quit
Thanks- many are saying I'm the best 140 character writer in the world. It's easy when it's fun.
I love Twitter.... it's like owning your own newspaper- without the losses.
I'm a skeptical guy
Wow
I just passed a 10 block long gas line going to LGA airport
Everybody wants me to talk about Robert Pattinson and not Brian WilliamsI guess people just dont care about Brian!
Shes baaack!  needs me to salvage her dying career. But it wont help shes got no talent &amp; no persona. Too many tv cancellations!
Price gouging at many gas stations
Its hard to believe that we are rationing gas in NYC. OPEC is laughing all the way to the bank.
. Condolences on the passing of your uncle
. Only the stupid  would air your garbageno wonder they are in such deep trouble.
.  Anthonydid you illegally take clips from the Letterman _Show show and  without their approval?
.  I predict somebody is going to sue you!
. Dummy
. your documentary cost you less than $3
. documentary works better than any sleeping pillin fact that may be your only way to make money with this recycled garbage!
Why do so many people say I hate President ObamaI dont hate the President at all. I just disagree with his policies!
   is a huge hit all over the world. Your cheap &amp; boring documentary is a tremendous flop.
9 million fewer people voted for Obama this election than last &amp; yet the Republicans lostdo you think they might be doing something wrong!
I got to know  very wellhe is a great guy who will do the right thing for the country!
I received such a nice letter today from someone who took refuge in Trump Tower during Sandy. It was my pleasure to help.
Robert Pattinson is putting on a good face for the release of Twilight. He took my advice on Kristen Stewart...I hope!
The election was a major setback for economy. All young entrepreneurs should be sure to calculate Obama's policies into their investments.
Of the 9 battleground states
Remember to watch the series finale of The Men Who Built America this Sunday at 8/7c on 
Polls show that the hurricane had a huge positive effect for Obama on his win- isn't that ridiculous?
Romney campaign used me in 6 primary states and won every one- they should have used me in Florida and Ohio &amp; he would be President.
Remember to watch the series finale of The Men Who Built America this Sunday at 8/7c on 
China is heavily investing in building its own jet engine China's submarines will soon be carrying nukes China's Communist Party has now publicly praised Obama's reelection.  They have never had it so good.  Will own America soon.
At the end of the day
With taxes set to go up and Obama about to cut the mortgage deduction
. I'm sending you a check to help find a cure.  says hi.
No surprise that all the foreign countries are celebrating Obama's win.  They love a weak America that they can rip off.
Obama's administration is now openly admitting it expects US credit downgraded again I will and I agree! RT 

I started to get very worried about Mitt's chances when I heard that A-Rod donated to his campaign. Everything A-Rod touches turns bad.
Russian leaders are publicly celebrating Obama's reelection.  They can't wait to see how flexible Obama will be now.
It is that time of the year.  The Trump Wollman Skating Rink is open to the public in Central Park.  The greatest ice rink in the country.
Letterman _Show had Brian Williams  as guest last night
...I  trounced him in ratings &amp; Letterman beat  last Thursday. Brianare you irrelevant?
Tweet me back if u think we should start a petition to fire _chris for his  comments on Sandy &amp; the death &amp; destruction it caused.
A test tweet me the reason  was fired from  (other than his bad ratings).
._chris says hes glad we had a hurricane! With many people dying and thousands hurting
Thank you to Joe Passov (Travelin Joe) of Golf Magazine for the great article A man always has two reasons for doing anything a good reason and the real reason.  J. P. Morgan
Now that the election is over
It has been a pleasure to make so many friends and meet so many great people on the trail this past cycle.  We will fight on!
Beijing had a bigger celebration than Chicago last night.  The Chinese are happier with the election than we are.
The stock market and US dollar are both plunging today.  Welcome to  second term.
Congrats to  on blowing $400 million this cycle. Every race  ran ads in
Millions without electricity across NY &amp; NJ. The media has covered for Obamas massive failure. Can you imagine if this was another Pres?
Pervert alert.   is back on twitter. All girls under the age of 18
Amazing
It's freezing and snowing in New Yorkwe need global warming!
We have to make America great again!
Our country is totally split right now but someday it will come together!
Another four yearsnot good for the country but we'll have to live with it!
This was the Republicans election to win but they just blew itreasons why to follow.
Brian
Brian Williams was never a smart guy but always passes himself off as such. People will learn the truth! 
Brian
BrianThanks dummyI picked up 70
The voting booth process was a total disasterit could and should be much better and more efficienttremendous room for error!
.wouldn't you love to have my ratings?
The only thing more boring than  newscast is his show Rock Center which is totally dying in the ratingsa disaster!
. knows that I think his newscast has become totally boring so he took a shot at me last night.
Trump volunteers were out early today to offload cases of food and supplies for hard-hit Rockaways residents 
Ive sent a 10-wheeler filled with 358 master cases of food and supplies to my hometown of Queens today 
P.S. 42 in Queens is getting a truckload of food and much needed supplies for Rockaway residents 
House of Representatives shouldn't give anything to Obama unless he terminates Obamacare.
Hopefully the House of Representatives can hold our country together for four more years...stay strong and never give up!
The electoral college is a disaster for a democracy.
Our nation is a once great nation divided!
Our country is now in serious and unprecedented  trouble...like never before.
This election is a total sham and a travesty. We are not a democracy!
Lets fight like hell and stop this great and disgusting injustice! The world is laughing at us.
We can't let this happen. We should march on Washington and stop this travesty. Our nation is totally divided!
Well
 thanks for your nice statement on Access Hollywood. You are a great person and talent...I adore you!
Truth will ultimately prevail where there is pains to bring it to light. George Washington
Whoever wins today
. is a stone cold loser with no talentwhy did they ever put him on Law and Order?
I love show Law and Order but the  casting is the worst ever. No talentunwatchable!
I have had the pleasure of getting to know  &amp;  this past year. They love America. Let's push them over the top today.
Do we still want a President who bows to the Saudis and lets OPEC rip us off? Make America strong
The federal gov. has handled Sandy worse than Katrina. There is no excuse why people don't have electricity or fuel yet.
.  Alecit's not science
The federal gov. has handled Sandy worse than Katrina.  There is no excuse why people dont have electricity or fuel yet.
  Thanks Gary.
Obama thinks he can just laugh off the fact that he refuses to release his records to the American public. He can't.
Watch Obama refuse to call Benghazi a terrorist attack on 9.12 If you experience any harassment or heckling at the polling places from Obama supporters
Now Chinese state run companies are taking over our coal market Yesterday Obama campaigned with JayZ &amp; Springsteen while Hurricane Sandy victims across NY &amp; NJ are still decimated by Sandy.  Wrong!
Make sure to verify the voting machine does not switch your vote. If you have any problems
More reports of voting machines switching Romney votes to Obama. Pay close attention to the machines
Change cant be measured in speeches.  It is measured in achievements.   yesterday in Fairfax
My  interview discussing the close election
Save Medicare.  Vote for .  He will repeal Obamacare on day one.
Very dangerous pattern developing across country by Obama supporters.  Detroit poll watcher was threatened with gun Make sure to vote today.  Vote for real change.  Change that will deliver jobs and a free &amp; strong America.  Vote for .
The New Black Panthers are back at the same Philly polling station from '08 In the 1950s our climate was far more unstable than it has been over the last 5 years.
The concept of global warming was created by and for the Chinese in order to make U.S. manufacturing non-competitive.
Watch this behind the scenes video of 's Fall 2012 collection photo shoot- Me voting- it really is my hair!   I never went bankrupt.
   Thanks
  Yes!
Remember Obama turned down $5M to charity which I said I would increase by 10X to $50Mjust to show simple records. He's hiding lots!
If you voted for Obama in 2008 to prove you were not a racist then vote for Romney in 2012 to prove you are not stupid. Thanks Walter D!
The Apprentice was the  show on television last season on Sunday from 10 to 11 - congratulations Donald!
Despite the upcoming election
Before you vote
Why is Obama playing basketball today? That is why our country is in trouble!
I was invited to be with Mitt Romney tonight - win
Answer to your questions- I will be voting at 1030 AM at Lighthouse International 110 East 60th Street
Go out and vote- this will be the most important election of our time!
Tune in for  on  tomorrow morning.
Benghazi is bigger than Watergate.  Dont let Obama get away with allowing Americans to die.  Kick him out of office tomorrow.
The outer boroughs of Manhattan are still devasted by Sandy. How would the press cover this if a Republican was President.
China is worried. The polls are trending for . They wont be able to steal from us anymore.
.  P.S. Your brother  is doing very well on and he stated he adores you.
.  They were rising in the 1950's then went back downthey will go up and down through eternity.
Voting for  is voting for Obamadon't waste your vote!
Tomorrows election will have historic repercussions for our country.  Make America strong again.  Vote for .
  Do you mean the President's birthplace?
. Letterman _Show had his best ratings with meand you bombed. People don't care about Mark Cuban.
After 13 seasons
.
Obama just stated It's always good to ignore Donald Trump. I state he is right
. Baseball commissioner and owners were smart when they didnt want you to buy a team- but I dont think you have the money anyway.
I believe in the America that never gives up
Via  A New Direction For America by 
Obama is angry
  Thank you!
  True!
Like Al Sharpton
Don't believe Chrysler (if Obama wins)see how fast  production will be moved to Chinaand I'll be watching!
. When Apprentice became the  show on tv you tried copying me with The Benefactor- a complete and total ratings disaster for .
Only 1 mill. dollars ? Offer me real money and Id consider it. Your team and networks lose so much money I doubt you have much left!
Dummy  is at it again trying to use me to get publicity for himself!
In 08
Obamas policies have led to food stamp rolls growing 75X faster than job production My  interview discussing  endorsement of 
Nice mention by Brian Kelly 

We can't destroy the competitiveness of our factories in order to prepare for nonexistent global warming. China is thrilled with us!
Great article in the  by Ben GarrettDon't Blame Sandy on Global Warming Its extremely cold in NY &amp; NJnot good for flood victims. Where is global warming?
Get out tomorrow and vote so that we can all finally say those magic words- Thank you to  for your nice statement about me in the   . is looking at Jeff Zucker to lead them out of the forestJeff would be a great choice.
Remember
     Must be careful &amp; smart!
 Then he wouldn't be president.
  No
 Yes.
. is doing a great job!
This is a time for big ideas. This is a time for real reform for a real recovery.  
Remember when you vote
 will turn this mess around!
Make sure you get out and vote...most important election of our generation...go Romney!
Trump Hotels are delivering lots of food to storm victims...we love doing it!
Gary Johnson is asking people to waste their vote on him. Make it count - vote for .
We dont want to have a recount in any of the battleground states. Obama will steal it. Make sure all your friends and family vote.
Obama's war on women has lead to the biggest decline in female employment in 40 years. 4 more years??
Undecideds in OH
Pennsylvania is in play . All undecideds in Philly suburbs should ask themselves - who do you trust most on ?
I think  should take this challenge. Axelrod was too scared. RT  Kaufstache vs. Sharpstache.
In the heart of the city
Considering Obama hasnt proposed anything concrete
Members from Obama's own job council are endorsing  Concerns over the national debt are stopping businesses from hiring and expanding Castro
Obama promised 5.2% unemployment by October 2012.  His promises are worthless!
Go as far as you can see; when you get there
Make sure to catch  season finale of The Men Who Built America on Sun
Reality TVs  Bad Girl  is back on the upcoming 13th season of All Star .   She is great as always.
Could be the hurricane helps people are rioting in the streets over gasoline
A wonderful place. Global warming is based on faulty science and manipulated data which is proven by the emails that were leaked Obama has destroyed the middle class.  In 09
I have an idea for A-Rod-buy a home at  overlooking the Pacificwill bring you better luck.
A-Rod is now looking for an expensive home in Beverly Hillswhy aren't the  terminating his contract for misrepresentation?
. should sit Michael Vick. He is a great athlete but less than average quarterback.
Obama our Welfare &amp; Food Stamp President
We don't need a Secretary of Business to understand business
Unemployment is now 7.9%.  Four years and $6.5T later
How about President Obama fixing the gasoline situation instead of taking photo ops in the destruction.
Interestingly
People are struggling to get gasoline for their carswe are like a third world country.
I'm sending lots of bottled water out to Staten Island &amp; Long Island.
. came to my Trump Tower office to apologize for calling me a racistvery nice
. called my office to ask me to do election night coverage with hersadly
. of Chrysler should focus on design rather than filthy languagenot very professional.
We should not allow  to move  jobs to China after they said they wouldn'tstay tuned!
. disputes my statementbut watch Chrysler move  jobs to China after the election.
With long gas lines &amp; total disarray from storm
It was announced this morning that unemployment rosethis can't be good for Obama.
Next year I will be changing the name of 800 acre Doral to Trump National Doral. It will be the best resort in the countryMiami is hot!
I will start reviewing various political reporters etc &amp; websites as to their professionalism &amp; fairnessmany people asking for this.
How could Obama leave those American heroes out to die in Benghazi?  And he continues to lie to the public!
What is your thought as to why Obama refused millions for charity and did not show his records and applications?
Nice to see Obama released a situation room photo from Sandy.  How about releasing the photo taken during Benghazi?
Everybody knows why Obama would not show his college applications - they are just not willing to say!
If I would have offered Obama a billion dollars to show his records
My video response to President Obama's lack of transparency. Press release. Video response to follow. I will soon be releasing my response to the fact that President Obama refused to show his applications and records to the public.
President Obama missed the deadline!
Obama is a terrible negotiator. He bails out Chrysler and now Chrysler wants to send all Jeep manufacturing to Chinaand will!
Why is Obamas auto bailout now creating jobs in China?  He is ruining American industry.
To all  supporters
Romneys $2 Billion Sacrifice for America By Chris Ruddy _Media You know the world is crazy when New York gets hit by a hurricane and Florida doesn't.
Let's continue to destroy the competitiveness of our factories &amp; manufacturing so we can fight mythical global warming. China is so happy!
Do you believe  is blaming global warming for the hurricane?
From 1954 to 1960 there were 10 major hurricanes that hit the East Coast.
It's 10 AM Two hours to go for Obama to easily pick up millions for charity!
The successful man will profit from his mistakes and try again in a different way.  Dale Carnegie
 Thanks!
Obama is now standing in a puddle acting like a Presidentgive me a break.
A lot of people are concerned about which charity my $5M will be donated to.  The onus is on Obama to first release his records.
President Obama
President Obama
Thanks for all the nice words on my keeping the Trump Tower atrium accessible to stranded victims of . My honor.
Congratulations to  on getting the 
Spoiler has really got his act together so far on the upcoming season of ...
 International Reality will be Americas premiere real estate brokerage house How does a dummy like  get a television show&amp; his ratings stink. You'd think  could do a lot better.
A lot of undecided and independent voters have had enough with Obamas lack of transparency. I don't blame them.
There is nothing I would be happier to do than to donate the $5M to a charity of Obamas choice
Looking at the figures and plans behind 's acquisition of Lucas Film makes you realize how stupid  (cont) .'s acquisition of Lucas Film is a smart deal for both sides.  Disney just bought a great brand which will keep producing revenue.
In the spirit of transparency
Today Barack Obama is standing in water in NJ. Remember on election day that he has put the US underwater.
How many illegal foreign donations will Obama collect this final week? Another scandal ignored by the liberal media. Congratulations Kevin Gabriel on your amazing article. If I were a journalist this would be the next Watergate
An amazing article by Kevin Gabriel-  . called me a master marketeer last nightI am not. I am a great builderI build great things &amp; people come.
Part 2 of my  interview giving away some  spoilers &amp; discussing 2012 Miss Universe Pageant Part 1 of my  interview discussing my $5M offer to Obama
Kevin Garnett's response to Ray Allen last night was that of a great competitornothing wrongin fact it was terrific. A champion!
I was standing with  when a young high school star
Watch the clip from _Show where the crowd cheers after I explain that my offer is about transparency I'm not hearing much from Obama or his administration about my $5M offer to charity or to which charity the money will go.
The President has until tomorrow at 12 noon to pick up $5M for his favorite charity. Looking like he won't be doing it. What is he hiding?
Watch me tonight on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon.

The polls &amp; momentum  are trending towards . Don't let the hurricane change your thinking!
Fans shouldn't worry.  We have adjusted the filming schedule of the upcoming 13th season of  appropriately due to the storm.
Chinas stock market rose yesterday after 4 consecutive days of losses Maybe Obama should donate my $5M to the families of the 17 who have lost loved ones during the storm?
Scary.  Obama and the Democrat Senate have accrued over $5T worth of debt without passing a budget in the last 3 years.  4 more years?
People are happy that I left the Trump Tower atrium open as opposed to taking the easy way out. Why does Obama believe he shouldn't comply with record releases that his predecessors did of their own volition? Hiding something?
  RT if you think Pres.Obama should release his records to get $5M for charityfor Red Cross or another great charity
Glad to hear that  will be co-hosting the Grammy nominations special on 12.5.  Taylor is terrific!
Lets be honest
How did Obama go to a Las Vegas fundraiser on 9.12
Without focus
I never fall for scams.  I am the only person who immediately walked out of my Ali G interview
Another great cause Obama could send my $5M donation to is a charity for 9/11 First Responders. They are American heroes.
My  interview discussing the 57th St. crane
My  interview before Hurricane Sandy explaining that I would be staying in Trump Tower during the storm These last 4 years have not had a single quarter over 4% GDP. Obama has overseen the weakest economic recovery in American history.
The election is trending towards . Americans know we can't afford another 4 years of the Obama economic decline.
So many incredible friends said thanks for TT help - I say thanks to you! The Trump Tower atrium is such a great place &amp; kept thousands of people warm &amp; safe during the stormthanks
Remember this Obama wants to raise taxes
Don't let Obama buy the election by handing out unlimited free money to states.
People having a great time in the Trump Tower atrium -   unlike others
I am the best builder but if that were my building with the crane mishap
Because of the hurricane
Not only giving out money
Hurricane is good luck for Obama again- he will buy the election by handing out billions of dollars.
I saw from my window just before accident that the crane was not properly anchored for the storm.
The water damage to NYC is amazing. The winds were bad but the water was worse.
All weights are on crane's wrong side -  very precarious below
If authorities need direct view from top of Trump Tower
Direct view of crane from apartment window. Crane was never properly secured
We are taking care of hundreds of people in the Trump Tower atriumthey are seeking refuge. Free coffee and food.
So far the hurricane is being handled very well in NY
Many people walked out on Madonna's concert when she told them to vote for Obama. Years ago I walked out because the concert was terrible!
I always said Obama is lucky for himself but unlucky for the country. The storm could be very good for him as he (cont) Obama lied 100% about Libya and the killingsemails are absolute. He must release his records on Wednesday and stop the lies.
Dave Letterman _Show said during my interview that Obama was probably born in the USthe word probably is a disaster for Obama.
I'm not hearing much from Obama or his administration about my $5M offer to charity or to which charity the money will go.
What people don't know about  is that he was a terrible student and not considered smart in his early (cont) I guess  saw my ratings on the _Show the other night where Letterman beat Leno. Bill
While  is an extremely unattractive woman
. talks about my hair but I'm not allowed to talk about her ugly face or body - so I won't. Is this a double standard?
Many people are saying that my challenge to Obama is having a huge negative effect on his poll numbers - I agree.
A lot changed when David Letterman said  he was probably born in this country- the word probably is a total disaster for Obama.
 is taking major heat for calling the president lazy. But the president stated his weakness is that he is lazy. Fight on John!
. That's more than O'Reilly did ...and he is supposed to be my friend. You're terrific!
 McGuirk Thanks for being so nice and defending me on O'Reilly...you're terrific!
Alert...The president knew that the ambassador was being attacked  in Benghazi. He did nothing...he is no leader.
 tries so hard to be a star. But
I put  on Apprentice at his request
I want to end the day by saying there is no check I would rather write than that to a good charity designated by our President.
The TODAY Show should call me about who to put on the show I know more about people who get ratings than anyone.
Before Star Jones begged me to put her on The Apprentice she was professionally dead. I saved her tiny... I hear they are very unhappy w/ Arianna and  at . Ill bet she wont be there for long!
Donald Trump Tells  About His Obama Announcement PASSPORT APPLICATIONS TELL YOU A LOT Watch Obama's favorability numbers drop even further if he doesn't accept my charitable offer. No one approves (cont) If Obama doesn't accept my offer to be fully transparent
If my offer is refused
Barack Obama has everything to gain. Why would anyone ever deny $5M to charity?
Great! Last night  winner  &amp; alumni  packed OH stadium rallying w/  Donald Trump Defends His Big Obama Bombshell 'It's Not a Publicity Stunt' Sarah Jessica Parker voted unsexiest woman alive  I agree. She said its beneath me to comment on the... I have decided to add a caveat to my offer. Obama can't decide to send my $5M to Rev. Wright if he releases his records.
My fellow Tea Party friends in Ohiomake sure you take advantage of early voting so you can GOTV election day. Know you can! Must win Ohio.
Where's the transparency? Despite Obama's denial  stands by report he just talked with Jeremiah Wright.
Looking forward to being the special guest at tonight's Dutchess County  dinnerto a SOLD OUT crowd. It will be great fun.
Pretty audacious for Obama to call  a BSer when he has lied about so much we don't have room to write.
By the way
...Colin Powell thought Iraq has weapons of mass destruction.
Obama is about to destroy the mililtary through the sequester. The Middle East is a mess. Yet Colin Powell still endorses him. Wonder why?
Be careful of an Obama bomb to win election! Would be a horrible thing to do.
The election is still close but trending toward . He leads all national polls and Obama's likeability is imploding. VOTE!
Wow! Letterman show _Show won the ratings last night big timeand guess who was his guest? DJT
One of my many Twitter followers suggested Obama should take my offer &amp; give $1
Watch me explain on the _Show how my charitable offer to Obama changes the election and is about transparency A clip from last night's _Show where I detail my charitable offer to Obama and Dave describes his terrible grades   True!
What a dumb mistake AOL made buying the . How much longer will Arianna lastI predict not much.
 Thanks
_113   I agree.
 _Show  Thanks
 _Show Thanks I will.
Stupid Arianna  hired the man who ruined the once-great NYTimes Business Section...
...a real loser named Tim O'Brienand it's never recovered.
Dopey Arianna  is really after meboring story after boring story...but I hear she is in big trouble!
I knew last year that  Magazine lost all credibility when they didn't include me in their Top 100...
... I will soon start naming magazines that I think will foldI predicted Newsweek.
  Great idea.
  I hope so for the charity's sake
 Thanks Tylar
The Letterman show really turned things around- people finally understand my $5 million dollar offer to charity....  I love the Wounded WarriorsObama should choose that as his $5M charity.
 Sounds like a good idea.
  Only because he has something to hide.
.  Re Taylor and Conorgreat news for Taylor!
Based on the ovation last night from the Letterman _Show audience
....instead of giving to a wonderful charitable cause.
Another great charity that the $5M could go to just a recommendation to the Pres. - the Wounded Warriors represented so well by 
Lots of response that Obama should give the $5M to the families of our great heroes who were murdered in Benghazi.
Letterman _Show was great last night. I had a lot of fun. You could see his audience really wanted Obama to take the $ for charity.
The dealmaker is cunning
It is really a shame that Barack Obama may stop $5M from being generously donated to charity all because he refuses to be transparent.
Doing David Letterman _Show tonight at 1130. 1st nite of Sweeps.Going into the lion's den but I've been there many times before. Enjoy
Six days and counting until my offer to Barack Obama expires...
For someone who demanded 20 years of Mitt's tax returns
Yesterday Barack Obama said he wants wind turbines manufactured here in China China is primed to continue to rob us and steal our jobs through their exports I hope Derek Jeters recovery is going well.  He is a very special player and a great guy.  New York loves him. 
Trump Offers To Donate $5 Million To Charity If Obama Releases College Transcripts  has really become a laughing stock of good political reporting.
What will be the response on Wednesday? If Obama doesn't take the 5 million dollars for charity.
 I fully supported McCain but when he lost
._Sanchez shouldnt be too upset over .  He will always do great!
I am offering the chance for Barack Obama to redistribute $5M to any charity of his choice.  Everyone wins.  Take the deal.
Our side needs Donald Trump.   on  show last night.  Thanks Ann.
. Why did you choose me as one of the 10 Most Fascinating People of the Year last season (and more than once?)
.  will apologize to me just like she did when I was right about . Besides
.   Barbara
Still waiting for an explanation about why  &amp;  did not name their son Donald.  Unbelievable.
Miss Universe 2012 Pageant will be airing live on  &amp;  december 19th. Open invite stands for Robert Pattinson.
Excited to announce that  &amp;  will be hosting the 2012 Miss Universe Pageant. Great ratings for Miss Universe.
How does  get a conservative platform? She is a dummyjust look at her past.
I am happy to have started . Really enjoying reading everyone's tweets.
My  interview discussing my $5M charitable offer to Obama
TRUMPS BIG ANNOUNCEMENT HELL GIVE $5 MILLION TO CHARITY OF OBAMAS CHOICE IF... Donald Trump Announcement $5 Million for Obama College Records Trump offers $5 million for Obama college
Just stated by a total pro You are the only one who has the guts to say what we are all thinking.
Glad to hear North Carolina is solid for .  It started trending for Mitt solidly after my speech at the  convention.
In light the Benghazi emails released last night
... By releasing his records
Obama has no problem leaking national security secrets.  Why can't he release his records?  Especially when $5M is going to charity.
I am happy to donate $5 million to a charity Barack Obama chooses.  All I am asking is that he is transparent with the American people
RT  to Obama $5 million donation to charity if you release passport and college records I just learned that  has no credibilitytotal phonies that don't report the truth. A puppet of Obama?
Glad to hear  supports my offer to Obama.  As Sean says it is an easy $5 million to charity.  What does Obama have to lose?
Third rate  took every negative tweet or response they could find &amp; put it outwhen in fact the response is incredibly positive.
My offer to Obama is about transparency. In 2008
RT  Trump to give $5 million to charity if Obama releases records Virtually all Presidents and candidates including John McCain
The response has been fantastic- actually overwhelming! Thank you!
As stated
You have all been waiting the response has been amazing! Watch my announcement now
All predictions re my 12 o'clock release are totally incorrect.  Stay tuned!
Story will be released today at 12 noon EST on Twitter and Facebook.
Invincibility lies in the defence; the possibility of victory in the attack.  Sun Tzu
This is not a media event or about Donald J. Trump- this is about the United States of America. I will be... This is not a media event or about Donald J. Trump- this is about the United States of America. I will be (cont) If you like having the world collapse and being told America is leading from behindvote Obama.
No wonder  is in such big trouble &amp; boss was just firedthey are lost.
. should never have played that piece of garbage documentary&amp; yet the phones are ringing off the hook to play the course.
...that it was hard not to end up rooting for Trump...
Thank you to  reviewer  who stated 'You've Been Trumped' was so biased in favour of the protesters...
. did an excellent job as debate moderator last night. I only wish Mitt was more aggressive!
Everyone is asking me to speak more on Robert &amp; Kristen.I don't have time except to say Robert
Last night was the first time Obama said we instead of I in respect to Bin Laden's killing.
Barack Obama said absolutely not 3 times before he agreed to go after Bin Laden- now he wants all of the credit!
My announcement is tomorrow!
Tomorrow I will be tweeting on only one subject!
China will never go to war with us because if they won they would only take over property they already own!
Mitt Romney must start congratulating the Navy Seals and military on Bin Ladens killing
. should have been more aggressive last night. Yet some polls have him winning the debate.
My  interview discussing last nights presidential debate
The military and Navy Seals should be given more credit for Bin Laden's death
When the military informed Obama that they had Bin Laden
Doesn't the US have better things to do than to destroy an American hero for the world to see? Now other (cont) Lance Armstrong fought for 7 years &amp; then just ran out of energy. Very sad storyalthough they caught him red handed.He definitely cheated!
Casting sometimes is fate and destiny more than skill and talent
No matter what happens in the election
I always said that  had to keep fighting the charges. By stopping
70% of the Chinese say they are better off than they were 4 years ago The debate was pretty even but I thought Mitt should have been much more aggressive on Obama's failed foreign policy and I mean much more.
Debate was somewhat hard to watch last night. Viewership will be way down.
I will be doing  at 730.
Stop congratulating Obama for killing Bin Laden. The Navy Seals killed Bin Laden. 
. looks much calmer
Bob Schieffer will do a great job tonight. Always treated me fairly.
Well this is it
Former Obama White House economic adviser _Goolsbee gave his old boss a 'C' on the economy Why don't we ask the Navy SEALs who killed Bin Laden? They don't seem to be happy with Obama claiming credit. All he did is say O.K.
I look forward to  hitting Obama hard tonight for lying about Benghazi. CIA told Obama it was a terrorist attack after 24 hrs.
Everybody is asking about my announcement this Wednesday concerning Barack Obama-just wait and see!
Everyone knows I am right that Robert Pattinson should dump Kristen Stewart. In a couple of years
Obama is an easy target on foreign policy. has many openings to attack
This is my last election. After my election I have more flexibility. Obama to  discussing our nuclear arsenal.
Obama planted that  story on Iran so it will be discussed in tonight's debate. He wants Libya and China off the table.
The brass in  Tower's atrium is polished twice a month like clockwork. I keep the atrium impeccable. Key to its success!
. I felt very sorry for you during your meltdown on . He drove you insane but
My son Don and his wife Vanessa just had a beautiful baby boy named Spencer Frederick very thrilling.
I wish tonight's debate would cover more than foreign policy.
Don't let Obama play the Iran card in order to start a war in order to get electedbe careful Republicans!
.
Autism rates through the roofwhy doesn't the Obama administration do something about doctor-inflicted autism. We lose nothing to try.
Lots of autism and vaccine response. Stop these massive doses immediately. Go back to single
Via  Donald Trump claims Barack Obama bombshell Stay tuned for my big Obama announcement- probably on Wednesday.
People are going crazy with my comments on Diet Coke (soda). Let's face itthis stuff just doesn't work. It makes you hungry.
Obama should stop talking about wind turbinesthey are a disaster for a country or community &amp; are very expensive &amp; unreliable.
I will be live tweeting during the debate tonight.
Derek
Gas prices are at crazy levelsfire Obama!
They succeed
Don Butler and executives are doing a great job at - the cars are fantastic.
The biggest problem with A-Rod is he is bad for the chemistry of the Yankees- he must go.
Fort Hood shooting should be declared a terror attack. Respect the wounded and dead.
Good luck to Derek on his operation. I know it will be a success- he is a great champion.
Derek must move back into one of my buildings immediately. It will be lucky for him like in past.
Derek Jeter broke ankle one day after he sold his apartment in Trump World Tower.
7.8% unemployment number is a complete fraud as evidenced by the jobless claims number released yesterday.Real unemployment is at least 15%
.'s  convention came in over $3M under budget.  Baracks  convention is over $10M in debt.  What a surprise!
No surprise
Can't wait for  to fold which
.'s terrible piece on Mitt's faith is a new low
Where were all the  exposes on When Rev. Wright disciples go to Washington?  Sad!
Follow 's jewelry line on  site Rev.  is a great man and so is his son
Rev. is doing tremendous work this election cycle educating the Christian community on .
Both Barack and  were excellent at the Al Smith dinner last night!
A lot of the  should be ashamed of their play in the post season. They are lucky they don't have to deal with George Steinbrenner.
I hope  of America handle their problems a lot better than the board at Penn State did. You can't do any worse!
_1 Toledo is a great placeI've been there &amp; worked in Cincinnati for 2 yearsI love Ohio.
  I think Gaga is greather 1st major appearance at my Miss Universe Pageant in Vietnam/6 yrs ago Should give me 25%
Newly released NH poll has  with a 1 point lead. Mitt will pull away next week.
Obama has called Libya attack a bump in the road and not optimal. Just come clean alreadytell Americans the truth!
Maybe Derek Jeter should ask A-Rod about renting his apartment next year. Very soon A-Rod won't need a place in NYC.
YesI will be live tweeting during the final debate this coming Monday.
Via  Donald Trump is NOT A-Rod fan  No
My interview with  discussing the real unemployment number and how the 7.8% number is a fraud . is no bargain but I don't like John Mayerhe dates and tellsbe careful Katy (just watch!).
Some of you were asking about the All-Star line-up for Celebrity Apprentice So many tweets &amp; stories on Stewart/Pattinson Look
_Hastie   No
Congratulations to Bernie Marcus &amp; Herman Cain  on the  employers need to check this out!
For the truth about job creation in America go to . really blew itwent down in flamestoo bad!
I guess they dont have freedom of the press in Scotland. We created this ad and the ASA would not allow us to (cont) Why would Ohio listen to Bruce Springsteen reading his lines? Be careful or I will go to Ohio and  will win it!
 Thanks!
  I agree
Obama said not optimal to Ambassador &amp; embassy killingsbad word usage for a Harvard graduate.
. did a great job last night. Watch the clip!  Never give up. You have what it takes.
Great decision by Donald Graham  to sell. I'll now have to take my newsweek covers off the wall.
With Barry Diller &amp; Tina Brown in charge
It is a great honor to have helped the community so much. Something really bad happened to the  psychemuch like our President!
. should get rid of A-Rod ASAPI can't watch this guy anymore!
. Thanksyou sound great!
   Thanks for the info Rosieget well.
I'll be making a major announcement on President Obama next weekstay tuned!
Can't believe we are less than three weeks away from the election. Time certainly flies!
A penny saved is a penny earned.  Benjamin Franklin
The Yankees are absolutely terrible- what happened to this team?
  I love India!
Hey how is your recovery going? I hope you are doing well so we can start fighting again soon!
  Bob Kraft &amp; Coach Bill are far too smart!
    Good luck!
  I hope that's the reasonotherwise
  A total professional.
 Greatly appreciated
_Arch Great to meet you also.
   I was referring
 I have a friend that wants to meet your sister.
My Trump Home Mattress Collection by Serta is setting recordsthey are really phenomenal. You can order them at The last time I visited China I couldn't believe all the construction. You can go up with a project in a weekno red tape.
It's Thursday. How much money did Barack Obama waste today on crony green energy projects?
Clinton commented in Ohio today that  is right
When Strasburg leaves  for another team for more money
Bad sign for Obama's campaign now publicly admitting they are focused on 4 states. Their internals must be horrendous.
While the next season of  is packed w/ All Stars
Derek Jeter  wants to rent an apartment. Derekonly in a Trump buildingTrump is lucky for you.
Now there is talk of A-Rod being shipped to . If A-Rod is not a  next year
I think the  will win today. Unlike A-Rod
Robert I'm getting a lot of heat for saying you should dump Kristen- but I'm right. If you saw the Miss Universe girls you would reconsider.
  Thanks!
_Harwood  Because they are either jealous or losers (or both).
A reader just sent me the following 


Newsweek ending print editionsad. Now my Newsweek covers mean nothingthey lost all credibility. TIME to follow?
     Thanks!
  Dopeywho went bankrupt
The biggest thrill in the world is entertaining the public
 Check the records
   They only suffered by watching your 3rd rate documentary (which bombed).
_coles  I willthanks.
Lots of response to my Pattinson/Kristen Stewart reunion. She will cheat again100 certainam I ever wrong?
Looking forward to honoring the great Dogan family &amp; the success of the Trump Towers project in Istanbul  Annual Gala Dinner
AlertUS jobless claims up 46
Amazingmy tweets are covered across every spectrum from  to  to .
When we're talking about math that doesn't add up
Obama's spending and borrowing is burying America and destroying our children's future. Does he even care?

Greatnow Supreme Court Justices are talking about a constitutional right to a cell phone . Re LibyaHillary took the blame for Obama.
Mitt's proposed tax cuts for the middle class will spur record economic growth.
Major grudge match this weekend between  &amp; . I have a dilemma
Under his administration
If Obama goes after Mitt's private sector experience in the next debate then Mitt should ask for Obama's college recordsall of them.
.  Bring  back? He is back!
. should really be ashamed about his massive box office disaster. Take a hint and get out of the film (cont) . If we didn't remove incredibly powerful fire retardant asbestos &amp; replace it with junk that doesn't (cont) What is never said is that people take a big risk with their money and can lose it all. We should be given credit for taking this risk.
Can you imagine how embarrassing it would have been for the country if the candidates actually did get into a fist fight?
Robert Pattinson should not take back Kristen Stewart. She cheated on him like a dog &amp; will do it againjust watch. He can do much better!
Michael Vick of the Philadelphia  is a great athlete but not a great quarterback.
Initial reports say 2nd debate viewership dropped. See what happens when I am not mentioned.
Just read about my friend he was set uptoo bad he has to use the court system instead of his muscles.
  Bill- You should have named your beautiful son Donald.
Joe Girardi  must play his starters
While the  look like they quit and are finished
Last Saturday A-Rod was 0-3 and left 6 stranded. But he was still hitting on girls from the dugout  Obama talks about what he is going to dowhy the hell didn't he just do it
. scored last night on both substance and style.
Trump Was Right 'Obama's America' Tops 2012 Documentaries  ...Bad decisions can be devastating.
Obama was beaten but not knocked out.  He lives to fight another day. But in the real world presidents are not given a second chance...
All the guys that said  would lose are rapidly coming on board.  Mitt will remember the early helpers.
If Obama keeps pushing wind turbines our country will go down the tubes economically
Robert Bryce Congrats on your great opinion piece on terrible wind turbines &amp; how destructive they are. Windmills are a disaster.
Remember
Wind turbines are not only killing millions of birds
Great article on wind turbines by Robert Bryce in today's   Really enjoyed discussing  yesterday with . I am a long time Yankee fan.
Via  Donald Trump would fire A-Rod   Thanks
My interview with  discussing why A-Rod should be fired from  &amp; how to terminate his contract My twitter followers will soon be over 2 million&amp; all the biggies. It's like having your own newspaper.
My twitter has become so powerful that I can actually make my enemies tell the truth.
Polls are starting to look really bad for Obama. Looks like he'll have to start a war or major conflict to win. Don't put it past him!
Obama did much better than he did last timebut still lost decisively.
Do you believe Barack Hussein Obama (aka Barry Soetoro) looked like a president last night? I don't!
Obama has zero credibility on oil and coal. If we do not win energy as a country
I still love Derek
Remember
At the debate
Verlander pitched great
Stupid George Will gave  no chance 3 months ago. Take off his little spectacles and he's just another dummy.
George Will said best debate he ever saw. If you ever heard George Will speak(boring) anything is exciting.
Debate showed- these guys really hate each other. At one point it looked like they would come to blows.
Obama better than last time
You talk tough
Such long rhetorical and boring answers from Obama. No wonder nothing gets done.
. much better on Libya and Middle East problems. Obama has no answer.
Obama keeps namedropping Bill Clinton he is no Bill Clinton.
Obama weak on immigration. All words
Obama is looking rhetorical and weak.  is looking strong and sharp.
Obama just said  was a very successful investor- big mistake for Obama to admit- he has less and less credibility.
Obama keeps saying that he will do something- but why hasn't he done it? It's all talk.
. looks much stronger and much more Presidential!
Then how come gasoline is hitting record high prices?
Good response on jobs by .
Why has Obama let China and others take our jobs?
Why hasn't Obama created jobs?
Getting ready to watch the debate- as they say let's get ready to rumble!
I was just told by one of the top  players that my golf courses are the most elite in the country. Very nice complimentI agree.
We should be able to negotiate a deal with Iran because they know we could blow them away to the Stone Age.They just don't believe we would.
_mormon  It is selling great at Macy'sthanks!
For political purposes only
Great win last night by Peyton Manning &amp; _Broncos in San Diego coming from 24 points behind on the road. Very impressive.
If the  can somehow beat Verlander tonight then they can still salvage the series. And I will go to games 6&amp; 7 so they will win!
Get ready for tonight!
  Oliviawe love you. You are doing a great job.
.if Obama gets wise tonight just ask for his college records &amp; transcriptshe will quiet down quickly.
Good luck  tonighthave no doubt you will be great.
Congratulations to  on exposing more Democrat voter fraud.   was caught red handed telling people to vote twice.
I bet the terrorists in Libya used weapons we supplied them during their so called 'revolution' to attack our embassy in Benghazi.
.  Five Questions w/ 'Lack of Leadership is the biggest threat to America' Between Libya
. is doing a fantastic job for the Republican Partyhope he gets the credit he deserves.
. I tried watching but fell asleep.
.'s wonderful The Men Who Built America with me on tonight at 9  bad timing
Because Obama was so pathetic in the first debate
The Coca Cola company is not happy with methat's okay
It's amazingmy weekly scheduled interviews on  and  draw the highest ratings. And they get bigger week by weekthanks folks!
Obama just had another trillion dollar budget deficit for the fourth year in a row. At least he is consistent.
Diet Coke tweet had a monster responsedammit
.  Thanks for helping promote &amp; make Trump International Golf Links Scotland so successfulyou stupid fool!
.  Your documentary died many deaths. You have
I can confirm the reports
. is absolutely right
Verlander is great but  very beatable. Does not have a good ERA in playoff games
I turned down going to the debate tonight so that I could do live tweets to my many followers.
I have no doubt that Mitt will do really well tonight. We'll all be watching .
Lots of pressure on Obama tonighteven more than A-Rod. If he doesn't perform well it could be over.
I hope A-Rod has a great night for the Yankeeshe owes it to themespecially with Derek hurt.
 Happy Birthday!
Gov. Gary Johnson pulling votes from Don't waste your vote. Obama must go!
Donald Trump's back with 14 'Apprentice' All-Stars Based on very popular demand
The invisible hand of the market always moves faster and better than the heavy hand of government.  
Sometimes the best thing you can do is just let things ride

If  has a good debate tomorrow night
Obama is planning on attacking Romney on Bain in tomorrow's debate Romney
Once again Obama fails to classify China as a currency manipulator. He just helped China steal even more jobs and money from us.
A-Rod should donate his contract to charity. He doesn't make the  any money and he doesn't perform. He is a $30M/yr rip off.
Looking forward to speaking at tonight's gala for  supporters at the Intrepid. Mitt's doing well.
Barack Obama is not who you think he is. Most overrated politician in US history.
Isn't it time that Obama release his college records and applications? Boy would that create a mess! He is not who you think.
Lots of response to my comment on Diet Coke-let's face it
A-Rod was a great player when he lived at Trump Park Avenue- even though he was on the juice!
Derek Jeter had a great career until 3 days ago when he sold his apartment at Trump World Tower- I told him not to sell- karma?
I love such great people!
A-Rod is just not making it. We want to give him a chance but it was only drugs that made him great.
Obama will be trying very hard at next debate- he doesn't want to lose the Boeing.
Who says Obama will do better in the next debate- has he gotten smarter in 2 weeks!
.'s poll numbers are looking really good. One more great debate performance and it will be a total knockout.
I have never seen a thin person drinking  Diet Coke.
No
Brooklyn Nets have the worst uniform ever- Boring- won't matter if they win(Winning solves all problems- (cont) Yankees can win today. Kuroda is a highly underrated pitcher.
A-Rod hit ball hard first at bat. Time for him to step up and leave.
Swisher should have caught ball in right field last night.
. are in trouble without Derek. Try A-Rod at short- get him some confidence.
A bad thing finally happened to Derek Jeter- he is a great champion.
So much for Washington shutting down Strasburg- they deserved to lose.
Roadway steel on beautiful Verrazano-Narrows Bridge is rusting and rotting away. Scrape and paint before too late.
Tonight
Everyone's wondering what's wrong with A-Rod. Not one sports writer blames it on his not being able to use drugs anymore the real reason.
They found Jessica in Colorado- body was mutilated- death to the pervert killer.
Joe Girardi did a great job of managing the Yankees this series.
I'll bet Obama goes down just like Washington because he doesn't use our(this country's) best people to win.
Washington should have brought in Strasburg to relieve they would have won.
When Strasburg leaves in a couple of years under free agency Washington will say  what were we doing.
I told you
Leadership is the capacity to translate vision into reality.  Warren G. Bennis
When an employee leaves me and begs to come backI never let them. Loyalty is very important.
I look forward to Tuesday night's presidential debateI wonder if Obama will use my name again.
Very different styles but each totally effective in his own way at the debate.
What we are watching on our TV screens is the unraveling of the Obama foreign policy. 
Obama's economic policies are causing inflation on hard working families. The price of corn alone has risen over 200% since he was elected.
With our amazing All Star cast
Great to hear that our loyal  fans are happy with today's announcement of the new cast. This will be something special!
. looks like he really cleaned up his act.
I'm going to the  game tonight to root them onthey always win when I am there.
My Scotland course is receiving accolades from all over the worlda great honor for me.
Credibility is important to me- hence must admit that both candidates did really well last night. 
Doing the  with  was great- I really like Matt.
First Minister of Scotland released bomber of Pan Am flight  on compassionate grounds. Do you believe?
There are many ways of going forward
  Great to have you back for the best season yet!
ObamaCare is a complete disaster. Many of my friends have to scale down their businesses because they can't afford it. Terrible.
Wing bangers the name given to wind turbines by bird lovers for the thousands of birds they kill in the U.S.
British PM Cameron is making a fool of himself by wasting billions of pounds on unwanted &amp; environment destroying Scottish windmills.
Going over to  now to introduce  cast etc. watch.
Pretty even debate- no knockouts. However Ryan's closing statement somewhat stronger. What do you think? 
Biden's statements on Medicare are very effective. Ryan must now come back and combat. 
Excellent story on - very good moment for Ryan. 
Biden's sarcastic smiling may or may not be effective depending on who is watching. 
Hard for Biden to justify Libya mess but doing best he can. 
Both candidates are looking sharp- now it's up to the mouth and the mind. 
Get ready- this should be informative and fun! 
Looking forward to the debate tonight and will be tweeting live with very honest assessment.
._McMahon is an elite businesswoman who will bring a great outlook to DC. Support her campaign here Another sign that _welch is right. New government labor report casts even more doubt on the September jobs data Why does Barack Obama's ring have an arabic inscription? It's Thursday and only 26 days until the election. How many illegal donations from China and Saudi Arabia did Obama collect today?
So Obama used to tell classmates that he was Kenyan royalty and an Indonesian prince Our foreign policy decisions are dumbest in U.S. history
Live tweeting during tonight's VP debate...should be a great time
How the hell does the Libyan government get off telling our embassy security they can't have loaded guns for protection?!
Why the hell did we help the Libyan rebels in the first place. That is the real scandal.
Outright disgustingthe Obama administration has continually stonewalled and lied to US Amb. Sean Smith's mother I suspect  could do well tonight. Don't be fooled by his gaffes. He is a seasoned and feisty debater.
If  is dating  again then she has a death wish. A beater is always a beaterjust watch!
Amazing that Derek Jeter played with an injury throughout most of last night's  game and did so well.
$30M a year and A-Rod is now relegated to the bench.  would have lost if Girardi hadn't benched him in the 9th (see my prediction)
I guess they have Lance Armstrong cold. Brutal report. A waste of taxpayer money to take down an American hero.
. cast will be announced tomorrow at 730am ET on the  with 
Staff at Trump Park Avenue disliked A-Rodto put it mildly  The staff at Trump World Tower loves Derek Jeter.
Asking why my dislike of A-Roddishonorable dealings with me on an apartment deal
Great move to take A-Rod out of game. Now terminate his contract based on misrepresentation (drugs).
When everything seems to be going against you
  Thank you
Must read article on Obama's illegal fundraising from abroad

I enjoy meeting tourists in . People travel from across the world to see the five-level Atrium &amp; waterfall.
Congratulations to  on getting an A grade from  on his fiscal policy. Rick is a fantastic governor.
Even with lower profit projections
I am more concerned about Biden in the debate than I am about Obama. Be careful on Thursday night!
You have to scratch your head when the president spends the last week talking about saving Big Bird.   
Consumer spending fell in September A-Rod must be dropped in the Yankees line-up tonight if they want to win. He simply can't perform without drugs.
Obama was guest at VP debate moderator Martha Raddatz's wedding Receiving thousands of thank you letters from  students for my convocation speech. The honor was all mine!  Great people.
DELUSIONALObama actually thought that he won the debate 47M on food stamps. Over 23M Americans unemployed. 50% of college grads unemployed. And Obama wants us talking about Big Bird.
Has Barack Obama been caught red handed laundering money into his campaign from illegal online foreign donations? Media?
I just had to fire someone
27 days until America's greatest test since our founding. In this election
It doesn't matter who you vote forit matters who is counting the votes. Be careful of voter fraud!
Obama is under a great of pressure to perform well in the next debate. Let's see how he reacts under pressure.
Remember
I don't think Obama will do well in the second debatehe is psyched out just like A-Rod.
I will implement effective missile defenses to protect against threats. On this
By popular request I will also be tweeting live during the Vice Presidential debate  Thursday night. It will be very interesting
. _Show fully apologized last night for calling me a racist. Thank you Davidwe are again friends.
The public is about to learn a lot more information on Barack Obama and his true background in the coming weeks
Now that Obamas poll numbers are in tailspin  watch for him to launch a strike in Libya or Iran.  He is desperate.
Mitts subsequent rise in the polls post-debate shows that the American public can still spot a real winner.
In order to build your wealth and improve your business smarts
With these record high gas prices
Looking forward to live tweeting during the rest of the debates. Will be a lot of fun.
When will the unemployment numbers be corrected? Sadly
Donald Trump Monkey business on jobs George Will is a political moron. Last month he said Romney couldn't win.
In the end
Drop A-Rod in the order and cut his salary based on unreported drug use. Also
My   interview discussing the upcoming debates
Why isn't Obama protecting us from ridiculous gas prices?
California gas prices going thru the roof
Greece should get out of the euro &amp; go back to their own currencythey are just wasting time.
.  Shout out = work hard!
. is playing great for St. Louis Cardinals. They made a wise decision.
._welch is correctthese reporters would not have been so brave while Jack was running GE.
Our many loyal viewers should expect a major announcement very soon on next season's . Our fans will be pleased.
Sleepy eyes   whenever you mention me unfairly I will likewise mention you.
Obama projected a 2012 budget deficit of $557B.  It is actually double that at $1.1T Obama's planned tax hike will hit over 1 million small businesses 

How long did it take for Obama to call Hugo Chavez and congratulate him on his 'reelection?' Who do you think Chavez supports in ours?
Congratulations to  on setting the  record with 48 consecutive games with a TD pass. He is a great guy and player.
At the request of many- I will be doing live tweets during the next presidential debate.
Sleepy eyes  is an absolute joke of a reporter. He is in the bag for Obama. He can't carry _welch's jock.
Who is more believable on the state of employmentthe great _welch or some government bureaucrat who is voting for Obama?
A record 46.68M Americans are now on food stamps I would do same thing if I were China.  They want Obama. My  interview discussing Obama's failed and dangerous foreign policy and the real unemployment numbers Got to do something about these missing chidlren grabbed by the perverts. Too many incidentsfast trial
More than 70M people watched the Presidential Debate.  A new record.  See what happens when I am so prominently mentioned (just kidding)!
Looking forward to Sundays speech in the ExCel Centre. The team with the best players wins.  _welch
.'s  kept up the momentum from the debate.  even made a surprise appearance. Now go win CO!
Now America knowsthe Emperor has no clothes. Why would Obama do better in a 2nd debate?  
My friend  called it recast the race.
Glad to hear that  is doing well. She is a terrific person.
I promise to do a new  when I get back next week lots of requests. Thanks!
To every action there is always opposed an equal reaction. Isaac Newton
Scary &amp; Unsustainable On Monday the US added more debt than from 1776 through Pearl Harbor Mr. President
Bill Clinton has been Obama's most effective surrogate out on the trail.
Congrats to  on finishing 1st in the AL East. Derek Jeter is greatgood luck in the playoffs!
I'll be in London on Sunday at the ExCel Centre to talk about success. It will be a great time for everyone!  Amazing is good too.
   Most likely in February.
The upcoming season of  will be terrifica great cast.
Now another Obama speech from 2002 with him talking about taking the rich's 'stuff' Congratulations to Michelle and Barack Obama on their 20th anniversary.
Happy to have just passed 1.5M followers on twitter. We picked up over 14
I'm eagerly awaiting the next polls. The debate performance could be devastating to the Obama team. Let's see what happens.
   Will be a great event. See you in London.
Both being optimistic and remembering the big picture have served me well throughout my life. You need to stay positive.
. will be a great Oscar host. He did an amazing job at my  roast.
  Thank you.
Wind farms are ugly
As a big job creator
Congratulations to Mitt Romney. He was not only good
Invincibility lies in the defence; the possibility of victory in the attack. Sun Tzu
There's only one candidate who cut medicare and that's Barack Obama. Cut over $700M to move into ObamaCare.
In August
Have you heard? China just told Obama to jump. Obama asked how high.
Obama's '07 speech which  just released not only shows that Obama is a racist but also how the press always covers for him.
I'm always amazed when I travel to my foreign properties.Seeing the Trump brand across 4 continents proves that excellence can be universal.
 Thank you.
 Thank you
_Michaels  Yes
 Work hard and never give up!
I will be visiting Trump Int'l Golf Links in Scotland tomorrow. Always great to see the Great Dunes of Scotland. 

Who is rooting for Obama more tonighthis campaign advisors or the press?
Can't wait for tonight's debateactually delayed my trip to Europe so I can watch. This is going to be a great night.
My  interview discussing  debate responses
I am very proud of Ivanka!
My daughter Ivanka is being honored by the Wharton School of Finance with the 2012 Young Leadership Award. Also (cont)  See you in Londonbig crowd!
Reverend Wright must have great hatred for Obama and the manner in which he was shunted aside.
Obama called Reverend Wright his friend
See June 2007 speechis Obama a total racist?
Congratulations to Barack Obama for having 2012's debt already surpass 2011 The cheap 12 inch sq. marble tiles behind speaker at UN always bothered me. I will replace with beautiful large marble slabs if they ask me.
Where is the main stream media reporting on Univision's new expose of Fast and Furious? Too busy looking at Mitt's taxes?
Major Mexican cartel boss El Diego was just arrested with weapons provided to him through Fast and Furious A great article about how ObamaCare has even further complicated the tax code and will hurt housing market .  Wishing your wife a Happy Birthday
It's Tuesday
I'll be on  tonight on  at 10 pm.
Great to hear that  legend and hall of famer John Elway has endorsed  in Colorado. CO is a must win state for Mitt.
Under Obama
Woody Johnson's comments that he would rather have  win the election than his  win games shows real patriotism.
The Chinese are now hacking White House computers. Why not? They already own the place.
Big win by  last night to take control of AL East. Jeter &amp; company now control their destiny.
Wednesday's debate is day one of the election. Over 70 million voters will be watching.
In Nov. '11
Glad to hear  will be hosting this year's Oscars. Something new that should be fun.
A clip from  where I take 's audience on the Katie Coach  My   interview discussing how  can win the first debate &amp; the last 35 days If Obama mentions Mitt's tax returns in tomorrow's debate then Mitt should immediately ask for Obama's college records &amp; applications
Obama is trying to block sequester layoff notices in Virginia Threatening phone calls from Obama supporters are being made to the Michigan GOP office  Obama loves wasting our money. He just made another guarantee of $197M to a solar company Al Qaeda taking over Libya after we made it possiblereally amazing.
Venezuelan leader Hugo Chavez said in a television interview that aired on Sunday If I were American
Big cancer risk from new environmental light bulbsa big price to pay!
Obama now wants to give another $450M to the Muslim Brotherhood. Money we don't have going to people that hate us. Moronic.
How many more of our soldiers have to be shot by the Afghanis they are training? Let's get the hell out of there and focus on U.S.
I've learned that mistakes can often be as good a teacher as success. Jack Welch
Life is very fragile
 is one of the country's top tourist destinations.
Obama deserves much less credit for the killing of Bin Laden. The praise goes to our brave military and intelligence officers.
Republicans and  must get tough very soon.
Only 36 days until the election.  needs to stay on offense. Make Obama's terrible record the issue. 
In debate
Cyberattack on White House- what's next? Obama lied to the public about the Al Qaeda attack on our consulate in Libya. He should be held accountable.
If we did all the things we are capable of
American incomes have fallen $3
If you live in a state with early voting
Sean's interview with Bob Woodward on  was very interestingWoodward was great. .  delivered an excellent speech yesterday at the UN. Too bad  wasn't there.
_Schwab You have to love what you do and keep your focus at all times.
Brits spent $57.8M on the royal family. Obamas cost us $1.4B in expensesincluding entertainment It's amazing how different all of the polling results arenot an exact science.
To be successful your focus has to be broad enough to think big at the same time. 'Midas Touch' with 
My successful acquisition of the Kluge estate was a fantastic deal which is already being studied in business schools.
Trump buys mansion adjacent to family winery  Wishing you good luck and a happy birthday.
The  is currently going onand is one of the truly great sporting events.
Obama is not working. US Manufacturing orders fell a record 13.9% in August. Where's the recovery? Watch this video for a look at our great course in Los Angeles- Rancho Palos Verdes.  You are terrific (always). Great job on the Apprentice.
Be tenacious. Being tenacious means you're tough and patient at once
Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities &amp; possibilities
Iraq was one of our biggest mistakes. We got absolutely nothing for our sacrifices.The country will collapse (cont) Having a vision for something can be a very powerful force for accomplishment.

Are you a young professional getting ready for a big meeting? Pick up a  suit    Go for the gold standardaim high. Be tenacious and have passion for your work.
If you're going through hell
Someone must be fired at  for that stupid deal they made buying Huffington Post.
. must ask for Obama's college records &amp; applicationswhy is he not doing this?
China's Financial Institutions are expanding overseas.ObamaCare is a failure. Costs are rising much faster under Obama than other Presidents.
Now Obama's campaign is guaranteeing 12 million new jobs during a 2nd term A resort in Arizona is using sewage to make snow. Environmentalists are going crazyI won't be skiing in that snow.
I have fun
I hope the  is ready for a Third Party if they blow this election because that is what they will face. They must fight hard.
Does Madonna know something we all don't about Barack? At a concert she said we have a black Muslim in the White House.
If only the morons  were as concerned with Obama's inconsistent statements on the Embassy attacks as they are (cont) The full video of my  speech Money was never a big motivation for me
How long will it take for chants bring back the replacement refs  when a bad call is made?
Congratulations to my friend David Wright of the  who is now their all-time hitting leader.
40 days until the election. Crunch time.  must stay on offense and take the fight to Obama.
 I agree!
   Thank you.
. did an amazing job raising money for  with his  event featuring  . Watch  Thank you.
Just bought the Kluge Estate in Charlottesville

Jerry Falwell
Liberty University speech by DJT was biggest by far in school's history. Standing ovations...great young people!
Associated Press knowingly and inaccurately wrote about Liberty University speech. Shameful reporting...no credibility.
Huff post gets it wrong re Ferry Point...the only leakage of gas is from Arianna Huffington.
No matter how good the replacement refs do
China has done very well under Obama. Now they just released their first aircraft carrier.
China is filling the vacuum left by Obama at the UN on the world stage.
Must read column for all young people Obama's war on young voters who elected him   We have raised millions of dollars for charity.
   Thank you
  Trump US Must Get Tougher Because China Is 'Eating Our Lunch'

A clip of my  speech talking about the importance of the election &amp; our country's potential For what is the best choice
Housing prices will be going up big leaguea great time to buygood luck!
Pres. O  a bump in the road in reference to our Ambassador's (and others) killing in Libya
Hope &amp; Changethe number of 26 year olds living with parents has jumped 46% under Obama ._Berry87  Piers did a great jobthe interview was very important.
Aspirin gets the best press of almost anything I can think of-fact or great PR?
Obama's complaints about Republicans stopping his agenda are BS since he had full control for two years. He can never take responsibility.
Obama's new excuse for his failures is that you can't change Washington from the inside. Not what he said in '09. .  Love what you do and work hard.
Andy Williams has died. He was a friend of mine and a great guy.
English taxpayers should stop subsidizing the destruction of Scotland by paying massive subsidies for ugly wind turbines.
The number of unemployed Americans has increased over 60% during Obama's term. The economy can't survive another 4 years.
Selfishness ultimately begets only unhappiness. Unselfishness begets happiness.   B.C. Forbes
...One point I made sure to stress at  is to be sure to get even with anyone who crosses you...
...Never let yourself be pushed aroundbut treat the good folks great.
Read about my  speech in 's  Morning Score  The 18th hole at the Blue Monster  in Miami is considered the toughest finishing hole in golf...

Obama will be going on  &amp; fundraising while in NYC for the UN Assembly...
...yet not one meeting with an ally (or an enemy!) Where's the media?
...well into our 4th week of shooting the record 13th season of . The 'All Stars' are hard at work...
Did a shoot in front of the Metropolitian Museum on 5th Ave for the 13th season of the Apprentice...
The replacement refs are getting blamed for everything. I've seen many bad sports calls over the years.
One 57 is one of the worst looking buildings I've seen in a long time
Trump to Liberty U Students 'The World is Laughing at Us' Thousands of great people showed up from Liberty University yesterday. I love standing ovations! My   interview discussing how  has to get tough
Emmys telecast is way down &amp; lowest telecast on record among young adults. Emmys have no credibility-Should have nominated Apprentice again!
 Late winter or early spring. It will be a great season!
 Not a bad idea!
Believe and act as if it were impossible to fail.  Charles F. Kettering
  I am sure you would be just fine!
 Thanks!
The Obama Economyworkers added to disability and individuals added to food stamps more than doubles net jobs created Even if you're on the right track
Muslim Brotherhood head of Egypt Morsi is already making demands on Obama before the WH visit. Obama's foreign policy is a complete failure.
Coincidence? Obama and Ahmadinejad each describe 's warning over the Iranian nuclear program as just 'noise' Home values have sunk a record 15% under Obama.
The debates are going to have a big impact on the election.  has provedin Floridahe delivers under pressure.
Secure your place at the National Achievers Congress in London. It will be an amazing event with a great surprise. Living in denialonly 15% of Democrats think that recent economic news is poor ScaryObama's budget deficits are so out of control that he has to borrow 40 cents on every dollar he spends.
Today I spoke  Convocation

RT  I am running for president to get us creating wealth againnot to redistribute it.
With Obama and Bernanke destroying the value of the dollar
The attack on our Libyan consulate was the worst attack on the US since 9/11. Time for Obama to come clean.
Despite all of China's cheating
All these polls released by news outlets are oversampling Democrats. They want to influence public perception of the race.
The Emmys are all politics
Amazing Race winning an Emmy again is a total joke. The Emmys have no credibilityno wonder the ratings are at record lows.
The Emmys were horrendous...the absolute worst show!
With all of the bad economic numbers and horrendous foreign policy
The Republican Party must spend its money wisely and do incredible television commercials. They must be tough and smart.
Why did  give his tax returns without demanding that Obama release his college records &amp; applications in return?
Just left Liberty University. Chancellor Jerry Falwell Jr.&amp; his father have done an amazing job...great school &amp; the students were fantastic
The Ryder Cup will be amazing this week.
A letter written to one of my many critics! A letter from an amazing woman   It's real.
I'll be on  Monday at 730 AM. Tune in!
No matter how diligent you are in evaluating a business deal there is invariably one factor you have no control overluck...
...but interestingly
Rising premium costs from Obamacare will cost businesses billions I have fun
At the Univision forum Obama continued to make excuses for Fast and Furious   A happy and healthy family.
Watchyesterday Obama continued to evade questions on his security failures in the Benghazi consulate attack. I really like Chelsea Clintonan amazing young woman. She got the best of both parents. ( agrees)
The important thing is not to stop questioning. Curiosity has its own reason for existing. Albert Einstein
.    Obama's Def. Sec. just said US Asia focus 'not aimed to contain China' It is now clear that the Embassy attack in Libya was a coordinated Al Qaeda operation and not based on some video.
  Not a bad idea.( I'm in a magnanimous mood.)
 Thanks
  Nice to hearand good luck!
Now every time Islamic militants attack they will use that movie as an excuse  Yesterday I was in Washington
Interesting article by   Is Time to Use The Trump Card My  interview with  explaining why Mitt should not apologize  Great article by Chris Ruddy _Media  and Jackie's Example To be successful
Isnt it great that Obama had time yesterday to fundraise with Jay Z and do _Show while there is a record 21% real unemployment!
QE3
Have you seen the new  fall collection exclusively available ? Top selling brand nationwide.Ties
Trump Obama is 'Unlucky President' Via _Media Romney Said Nothing Wrong ...come down hardtax the hell out of their imports and reduce our deficit fast.
China has been unfairly subsidizing the export of cars &amp; auto parts. I've been saying this for 3 years...
Don't let them build a wind turbine in your backyard (or near your house). It will destroy your property value.
Via  The Donald's video should have trumped Eastwood by   My  interview 

Oil would be $25 a barrel if our government would let us drill. Our country would be rich againwho needs OPEC.
Technology has shown we have tremendous energy resources right under our feet that we didn't know about 5 years ago.
The stage is set for the real debateit will be very interesting!
Obama should play golf with Republicans &amp; opponents rather than his small group of friends. That way maybe the terrible gridlock would end.
   DopeyI have never filed for bankruptcy (as you know!)
_pink_fan   Tune in!
 It will be fantastic!
Filming for  Season 13 is now into the 2nd week. The 'All-Star' cast is already hard at work.
Obama killed over 100k jobs by not approving Keystone XL pipeline and Canada is now selling the oil to Chinavery dumb!
I'll be on  tonight at 10 PM Fox News
Our soldiers can't even have any more joint exercises with Afghan soldiers because they are getting shot in the (cont) Can you believethey are blaming  for Egypt.
.  I don't know a lot about failures. And as you know
.  Industrial turbines are destroying our land.
Liberal press won't look into why Obama ignored security warnings for embassies but is obsessed with Romney's private comments.
None of Romney's leaked comments change the fact that Obama is a complete disaster. 20% real unemployment and $6T in deficit spending.
It's Tuesday. How many more non-stories will the liberal media try to manufacture so everyone ignores Obama's record?
The majority of Americans agree with 's comments on  and Iran.
With 49 days until the election
This morning   played some of the  video I filmed for the Tampa Convention My   interview discussing my  video &amp; why  should not apologize 

My   interview discussing QE3
 They had both interest and aptitude. They've done a terrific job.
Now a small country like Sudan tells Obama he can't send any more Marines  I never went bankrupt. Enemies love to say I did. Didn't happen.
At the National Achievers Congress in London this October
I'll be at Liberty University Monday
A friend is one who has the same enemies as you have.  Pres. Abraham Lincoln
China is now attacking Japan's economy for leverage It's Monday
While Obama is denying it
Still a buyer's market. Buy directly from a bank. They want to offload properties that have defaulted
Eli Manning staged a great comeback in 4th quarteran elite quarterback.
With 50 days until the election
Teachers in Chicago should go back to work immediately.Rahm Emanuel has offered them a fair deal. Now they're just acting for the cameras.
Gas prices have doubled under Obama. Over $5/gallon now in California. We must start drilling from our own resources to become independent.
Obama is our unlucky President. Everything he touches turns into a mess. Some people just don't have it!
Trump If Republicans 'don't get tough
Via  Donald Trump tweets Obama is 'an incompetent President' After being ripped off for years
Kate Middleton is greatbut she shouldn't be sunbathing in the nudeonly herself to blame.
Occupy Wall Street is at it again- go out and get a job. It's actually easier work and far more rewarding.
Success is having to worry about every damn thing in the world

Weekly jobless claims are up once again. The economy cannot recover with Obama in office.
Hey I hear you are undecided in the election. I can explain why you should vote for .
If you want to know how to prevail through tough circumstances then read The Art of the Comeback.
First Obama says Egypt is not an ally. Then he promises to keep handing over aid  No surpriseObama's Deputy Campaign Manager tweeted link from Chinese propaganda outlet QE3 is going to further sink the dollar into oblivion. Creates artificial numbers for short term market gains. (cont) _Maynard  This is our 13th season. No precise date yet but most likely in the early spring. Shooting is underway. Will be terrific.
  JodyAgreed.
RT  For nearly 4 years
Why doesn't Obama let our marines who are guarding the embassies in Egypt have live ammunition? They need it fast.
It's amazing_chris has completely lost all connections to reality. He is a complete shill for Obama.
 Thanks Scott. I appreciate your nice words.
_Beaupre  JoshThanks
   Sometimes that's necessary.
Amazingplaying with an ankle injury
Via  Donald Trump Calls Barack Obama 'Incompetent' My  interview discussing QE3
Oh no
  That could be. Agreed.
  Sam
I hate 's redesignthe logo is terrible. Lightweight Al Neuharth must've had something to do with this No wonder paper is failing.
WOW! I just heard that the previously unknown singer Mac Miller has received over 67 million hits on his song Donald Trump.
Nothing is so permanent as a temporary government program.  Milton Friedman
Must see videoObama's criticism of  is identical to Carter's on Reagan I keep getting great feedback on new  cologne 'Success.' Exclusively available at 's Congratulations to Obama and the . The federal deficit has topped $1T for a fourth year in a row 
Welcome to Obama's Americarecord high poverty and an 8% drop in median household family income . should continue to stay on offense on the embassy issue. Obama
Obama's convention bounce is gone.  has retaken the lead in the latest   It's Thursday
Why are we still giving billions of dollars we don't have in foreign aid to the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt?
I will be speaking Monday

The media is pathetic. Our embassies are savaged by radicals while Obama does nothing and all they can do is criticize .
What a coincidence that Obama's good friends in Libya and Egypt picked 9/11 to attack our embassies.
With allies like Egypt and Libya
Shouldn't there have been increased security at our embassies on the anniversary of 9/11?
Obama told  that Egypt is no longer an ally. They used to be until he pushed out Mubarak.
Filming of the record 13th season of  has started. Be sure to be on the lookout for future updates.
Wake Up America!  See article Israeli Science Obama Birth Certificate is a Fake If Obama was smart
Romneys campaign is being put on the defensive. He cannot let this happen. Stop pandering. Must get tougher (cont) With the high prices of corn to continue expect even more inflation on the price of food.
Obama's foreign policy is a complete and total disasterthe worst President we have ever had.
We threw our ally Mubarak overboard and Egypt is now our enemy. Great going ObamaIsrael is in trouble.
This is all about American weakness and an incompetent President.
Weakness
The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary.  Vince Lombardi
Our $16T national debt is now bigger than our $15T GDP. If Obama is re-elected watch for an economic meltdown in 2013.
Deja vu - I can remember a time when our embassies were stormed under another failed President. Obama=Carter.
I guess Obama's Cairo Speech really worked out. The Muslim Brotherhood stormed our embassy on 9.11. Imagine if Obama speaks in Beijing?
Those who refuse to draw red line to Iran don't have the moral right to put a red line to .   
No surprise.  displayed Russian ships in tribute to vets Obama will go down as the worst President in history on many topics but especially foreign policy.
It's disgraceful that the Obama Administration's first response was not to condemn attacks on our diplomatic (cont) So Obama can host the Muslim Brotherhood Pres. Morsi in the White House OPEC will use yesterday's attacks on our embassies to raise the price of gas. They are always ripping us off.
It's Wednesday
What did we get for fighting in Libya besides a dead Ambassador. Demand their oil.
As bad as they were
The Middle East is blowing upwe didn't back Egypt and now they riot against us. Iran is using Iraqi airspace
Obama is a disaster at foreign policy. Never had the experience or knowledge. He is not capable of doing the job.
Libya is selling its oil to ChinaI notice the Chinese Ambassador is very safe.
I always said the people we fought for in Libya were bad news. Once again
Obama doesn't know what he's doing. His foreign policy is a disaster. Libya
An attack on our Embassy is an attack on our soil. We have been attacked by Libya. Go into Libya &amp; take the (cont) We fight to free Libya and they kill our Ambassador and other Americans. Obama's foreign policy is a joke.
When will Obama next go on vacation if he wins the election? The day after.
Why is the Pentagon wasting precious dollars on going 'green.' Complete waste. We need the best &amp; easiest fuel for our military.
I hope the  realizes that if they blow this election the Tea Party won't be with them next time.
There is no instance of a nation benefitting from prolonged warfare.  Sun Tzu
If Obama wins it is the end of the Republican party.  
Amazing.  has started filming our record 13th season this week thanks to our big and very loyal fan base.
Prioritieswhile fundraising and campaigning on our dime

China is an international pariah. They are now harassing Japan over its purchase of 3 uninhabited islands  Why won't Obama release his college applications? Is there something 'foreign' about them?
84% of US troops wounded &amp; 70% of our brave men &amp; women killed in Afghanistan have all come under Obama. Time to get out of there.
Whatever happened to Obama's 'independent investigation' into national security leaks from his administration? Where's the media?
The onus of the Chicago teachers' strike falls squarely on the teachers &amp; their union. Inexcusable to leave children without school.
On this solemn day of remembrance we can all take joy in the fact that Bin Laden's last sight was a Navy SEAL pulling the trigger.
Trump If Republicans 'don't get tough
My   interview with Ken Langone &amp; Dick Grasso discussing the Chicago teachers' strike  2012  Discussing the 9/11 attack and coverage with  while hosting the 25th anniversary of his  show  An impromptu interview I did with German TV on 9/11 down by Ground Zero discussing the attack and WTC Towers Today we remember and honor our fellow Americans and NYPD and FDNY who fell 11 years ago.
Obama called August's job report progress. Overall

You need to overcome the tug of people against you as you reach for high goals.

Why has Barack Obama repeatedly told inconsistent stories about his religious background?  Barack Obama used to mock Bush's 300K monthly job reports President Obama is the greatest hoax ever perpetrated on the American people

Obama asked a 7 yr old for his birth certificate. He's in your face because the Republicans dropped the ball. (cont) In today's  I speak about Clint Eastwood
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something
I'll be on  on Monday at 730 AM. Tune in!
One of the best moves I ever made was staying out of last decade's artificial real estate boom. But I used the downturn to my advantage.
During 's presidency
A lot of people strongly advised me against doing . Next week we start filming the record 13th season

If  had to use the same labor participation he had when he entered office then the unemployment number would be 11.2%
This chart from AEI's  shows how terrible 's 'recovery' really is Unemployment rate only dropped because more people are out of labor force &amp; have stopped looking for work.Not a real recovery
There are now 119
Today's job report is dismal. Now a record 88
Drew Peterson
Dems had a very good and professional convention. The Republicans must be smart and toughand fast!
The Republicans must get Virgil Goode out of the race in Virginia. He will take votes away from .
The YouTube of the 2012 Miss USA contestants
Under 
Scarywhile  has been POTUS for 1.6% of America's history
We've gone from $10 trillion that the president inherited from all prior presidents to $16 trillion  
Forty-seven million now on food stamps. When he came to office there were 32 million. He's added 15 million people. 
The Chinese are mistreating Hillary Clinton on her trip Remember while  is lauding himself tonight with self-indulgent compliments we have our brave soldiers fighting in Afghanistan.
After 's speech tonightwhich should be well deliveredreality will hit Friday morning when the new jobs report is released.
The delegates at the  convention keep shouting Four More Years. Four more years of 18% real unemployment and another $6T in debt?
Now we will never know if  would have been able to fill Bank of America Stadium. Pretty convenient.
. is now taking credit for changing party platform language but he reviewed it prior to the convention Donald Trump Has Given Millions To Pro-Romney SuperPACs and His Whole Family Is Cutting Checks to Mitt's Campaign  Iran is flying supply planes to Syria through Iraqi airspace. Thank you
Bill Clinton did a great job last nightthe Democrats are lucky to have him. Do you really believe he likes ?
Once again under

Other networks are begging me to do a showI can't because I'm doing the Apprentice!
Change before you have to. Jack Welch
Scary thoughtis the sexual pervert Anthony Weiner now in Charlotte? Did he bring his phone with him?
The Democrats dropped all references to God from their platform. Not good!
Have you seen the new  line of clothing
Better off? The $16T US debt works out to $136
North Carolina is a fantastic state with wonderful people. I enjoy my time there when I visit Trump National Charlotte.
I wish the 23 million who are unemployed were able to celebrate like the Democrats in Charlotte right now.
Almost every T.V. show is asking me to go onespecially the _Show. It's simpleI get the ratings!
. is a special player. After winning the Gold for the US in the Olympics
With all the talk of fiscal responsibility at the  convention yesterday
.
Why does US doping agency destroy an American icon
. teammate is angry and jealoushe is no Lance.
Very good speech by and under great pressureDems should be proud!
No surprise.  is letting the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt default on their US loans July U.S. construction had biggest drop in 12months. Bad indicator on economic numbers for rest of the year.
What message does it send when 's campaign has to spin whether America is better off than it was 4 years ago?
OPEC is better off than they were 4 years ago. Gas has more than doubled during 's term. Outrageous!
The Chinese are better off than they were 4 years ago. They have stolen even more from us in jobs &amp; trade during 's term.
NBC Wall St Journal Poll of African American voters 94% 
With our national debt passing $16T during the  convention
Record setting gas prices in the U.S.  we're really looking dumb. Lots of $'s being made on us.
The media can track down 's old girlfriend and marathon time but can't find 's college applications or other info.
Smart move by  having Pres. Bill Clinton deliver the  convention keynote.
Is this Hope &amp; Change? A record 46.7M Americans were on food stamps this past June. We must do better.
Why does  have such a fascination with my plane? He is more than welcomed to come for a ride.
Joe Paterno's family should sue the idiots  that made that ridiculous dealand commissioned the one sided report.
Be  yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected.  Steve Jobs
As I predicted 1 year ago
Great going Andy Roddick! Another victory for a fabulous player. Brooklyn Decker is good luck.
I win awards for speaking-but the enemies either won't comment or will say only bad...leave Clint alone!
If you have a speech-one that would put Winston Churchill to shame
 on  tonight with her fabulous Melania Timepieces &amp; Jewelry. Tune in at 1AM EST!
Republicans are always saying Obama is such a nice guy. When will they learn that he is not?
Andy Roddick...a great tennis player is a fantastic guy with a wonderful wife.
Republicans should have been much tougher on Obama. Just wait until you see what Obama does to Romney at the DNC!
China is now deploying drones across ocean routes used for trade .'s assault on coal and gas and oil will send energy and manufacturing jobs to China. 
I am sure the Chinese are getting anxious. They watch the polls.  won't let them cheat us anymore.
We have all the cards. Now is the time to make a great deal with Iran.
. was great the other night. People love him.
Obama's ideas don't move us 'Forward
.'s entire life and career have  built  prosperity and growth.
I loved watching Clint Eastwood last nighthe was terrific!
If you accept the expectations of others
Gas prices are about to hit a record high during the Labor Day weekend.  could have stopped this.
It's Friday
A factgolfers don't get aches &amp; pains like others who don't golf. It is amazingly remedial.
Of course _chris attacked 'birthers' in praising 's speech. Chris has completely lost it.
Letterman _Show begging me to go back on his low rated showcalls lotsmust apologize for racist comment.
Too busy playing golf?  sends form letters with an electronic  signature to the parents of fallen SEALs   I am impressed with how clearly  explains the challenges we face and the solutions  will bring as President.
Book on Bin Laden is a terrible violation of codemakes 's story a big lie.
I wonder what  was thinking last night as  delivered that knockout speech. Joe should call in sick for the VP debate.
After four  years of getting the run-around
The dummies left Iraq (and Libya) without the oil!
Let me say it as clearly as possible
Congratulations to  on last night's tremendous speech. Mike united the party faithful and explained that we can do better.
Only two weeks until we start shooting . We really have something amazing for the fans this year.
Gas prices are way too high. With an economy contracting and lower demand
Even the SEALS who killed Bin Laden don't like   It's Thursday and again I askhow much money is China stealing from us?
I was putting together my early deals in New York &amp; I was advised by many that I was too young. Believe in yourself &amp; you can do anything.
China's media is attacking  while endorsing   I am astonished that the media continues to lie.  gutted welfare reform. It is a fact!
America needs  and  and we need them right now.  
No one will work harder. No one will move heaven and earth like Mitt Romney to make this country a better place to live!  
New business start-ups at the lowest level in 30 years and the EPA is now the Employment Prevention Agency.  
It's Wednesday
Great speech by my good friend . He did something you won't hear at 's convention-tell the truth.
My   interview discussing the 2012 election
Congratulations to  on delivering a knock out speech last night. America can't wait to call her our First Lady.
An excerpt of my  interview at the Sarasota 'Statesman of the Year' dinner discussing the Tea Party China must be worried that  will win this November. They have never had such a pushover like .
What a coincidenceMichelle Obama called Kenya 's homeland in 2008  .'s dismal job record is reason alone that he must be defeated this November.
I am very worried that if  is re-elected then Medicare will be destroyed. We must take care of our seniors.
I can't wait to read this...RT _Media SEAL Book Explodes
.'s Super PAC has continually called  a murderer  I stand ready to lead us down a new path
It's Tuesdayhow much inflation has 's spending caused today on the price of food and gas?
. is going to do a fantastic job tonight explaining why   should be elected and  has to go.
. and I are looking forward to watching 's speech tonight. She is an amazing woman who will be a great First Lady!
Happy to hear that 's Faith and Freedom chapters are at the  convention supporting . We must be united to win!
Remember when  ran for Governor of California. She got 3 votes.
Trump urges GOP to be 'mean as hell'  Ask China if their rapidly expanding (with our money) Navy or Armed Forces are going green  They would laugh in your face!
. everyone adores you- including me- get well fast!
My   interview discussing the  Convention
The Bay Bridge in San Francisco is being built by the Chinesetremendous cost overruns. A total mess. We should build our own bridges
Don't think my statement on  was harsh
. is unattractive both inside and out. I fully understand why her former husband left her for a man- he made a good decision.
. writes that  should pray that China overtakes US  The US Navy wants to go green. Our Navy should use the best &amp; most powerful fuel &amp; not play games. Give me a break!
As usual
Media silent when   called  a murderer &amp; felon. Mitt mentions 'birth certificate' and they go nuts. Double standard!
. has completely failed the American people. U.S. annual incomes have fallen over 5% during his term  They succeed
Look what happened to the autism rate from 1983-2008 since one-time massive shots were given to children-It is very sad to see what  has done with NASA. He has gutted the program and made us dependent on the Russians.
Sorry to hear of the passing of Neil Armstrong over the weekend. He was an American hero.
One point I made last night and will continue to push is that the  can't be pollitically correct. We must fight fire with fire.
I knew Chris Matthews when he was sane and
Why do the Republicans keep apologizing on the so called birther issue? No more apologiestake the offensive!
The toughest thing about success is that you've got to keep on being a success. Irving Berlin
. is begging the Eurozone to keep Greece in until after 11.6.12. He thinks the world revolves around his re-election.
. sent over 100
I am sure the  will do a great job bracketing the  convention. They are a tremendous statewide organization.
It's Friday. How many bald eagles did wind turbines kill today? They are an environmental &amp; aesthetic disaster.
.'s '2016 Obama's America' is expanding to over 1
Florida has been very good to me. I am really esxcited to give back at the Sarasota GOP event and  convention. Will be fun!
Life brings you many surprises. As a child I used to vacation with my family at the Doral in Miami. Now I own it. Here is a letter I received yesterday from someone who has had personal experience with our health care situation. I am proud of the Tea Party. These great patriots have accomplished so much in strengthening our country in only 3 short years.
Disgusting's supporters are launching an anti-Mormon whisper campaign  . is bankrupting this country. His budget adds another $4.4T to the debt
Terrible tragedy at the Empire State Building today. Must have fast trials and death penalty for the animals.
Via  Falwell on Trump He 'was willing to say publicly' what conservatives said 'privately'  Former Navy SEAL Questions 's birthplace

Dishonest reporters knowingly write lies that I said
. should immediately reconsider or his legacy is ruined.
I am very surprised that  gave up. I never thought he was a quitter...
Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood President is visiting us next month.  is so excited.
The Muslim brotherhood is sending tanks into the Sinai &amp; saying it doesn't violate Camp David accord.
When your life flashes before your eyes
A hurricane will be coming to Tampa. My  convention surprise hits Monday night!
The independent watchdog who exonerated  for the failed green energy loans just donated $52
The opening of - an exciting day on perhaps the world's best golf course
. will make us energy independent by 2020  You have already made plenty because of me. How about a 50/50 cut(just joking) see you soon!
...Spread shots out over long period and watch positive result.
Massive combined inoculations to small children is the cause for big increase in autism....
Amazing survived one more day without folding. The clock is ticking...
In any business venture
Statesman of the Year in Sarasota
Wind turbines are a scourge to communities and wildlife. They are environmental disasters.
It is truly an honor that His Eminence Archbishop of New York  will be delivering the benediction at the  convention.
It's Thursday. I wonder how much money  drained from Medicare today to finance ObamaCare.
Great new ad from  titled Nothing's Free Via   to speak at  Today we just passed 1.4 million twitter followers..
It's sad to see once decent newspapers like  failing so badly. I just don't know if they can be saved.
One of the best moves I made early in my career was buying the air rights from Tiffany's flagship. Trump Tower gleams over Fifth Avenue.
Change is not a destination
Here's a sneak peek at the  convention theme  It's not our fault. Blame Bush. Oh
It's Wednesday. I wonder how much money  borrowed from China today?
. said he doesn't take the Navy Seals campaigning against him too seriously.
Can't wait to meet patriotic small business owners next week in Sarasota and Tampa! Hey 
.'s book
Congratulations to  Derek Jeter on passing Eddie Murray last night to become the 11th all-time  hit leader.
We are about to have a record $500B trade deficit with the Chinese this year. That money should be back here financing jobs in America.
Putin just sent a Russian nuclear sub to the Gulf of Mexico.  can't be bothered
Gas prices are soaring. $4.12 in CA. OPEC is laughing at how stupid we are.
. was caught telling Russian PM  that he can be more 'flexible' in his second term. Russia thinks he's weak.
My shirts
. thinks  is What Washington's Social Scene Needs An idealist is a person who helps other people to be prosperous. Henry Ford
Many people will be surprised at what is about to be released concerning 's background. I
It's amazing how many people still come up to me to thank me for 'The Art of The Deal.' The book has changed a lot of lives.
I am tired of  talking about 's father. Why don't we discuss Barack Obama Sr.!
Only three weeks until the new season of  begins filminggreat all-star cast.
Glad to hear 's attack ad featuring my plane is playing in North Carolina. Free ad time for Trump National in Charlotte!
Distressed real estate opportunities can make great investments. You need the foresight and instincts to know the property's true potential.
Every economic climate
Amazingboth Transformers &amp; Dark Knight Rises featured Trump properties and each grossed over $1B. Just coincidence.
. was great on  last night. Roger and Larry are good friends!
It's Tuesday. I wonder how much money  lost todaygreat purchase AOL
Glad to hear that  has put some strong anti-China referendums in the  convention platform.
We have to get tough with China before they destroy us.
In less than a week I'll be honored by  Sarasota GOP as Statesman of the Year &amp; then give my big surprise to  convention. Will be fun!
If you have any doubt that  must be defeated see 's '2016 Obama's America.' Amazing film!
More of my   interview discussing how the US gets killed negotiating with other countries My  interview discussing  high ratings
My  interview discussing how  is running a hateful campaign &amp; the  convention 'Surprise' The  released a new  celebrity campaign today. Amazing athletes. Proud to be a part of this.  Congratulations to Billy Payne and   on doing the right thing.
.
I dream for a living. Steven Spielberg
Why are we continuing to train these Afghanis who then shoot our soldiers in the back? Afghanistan is a complete waste. Time to come home!
Unemployment is up in 44 states showing July's unemployment numbers to be broad based  Scary thought is a heartbeat away from the Presidency.
Americans already believe that  is better qualified to serve as  President over   Oil is rising back over $100 barrel. OPEC loves to rip us off. Why shouldn't theythey always get away with it.
Congratulations to  and Arnold  on 'Expendables 2'  box office opening. Still going strong!
The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary. 

I'll be on  on Monday at 730 AMtune in!
Congratulations to  on leading Virginia to be in the black for a 3rd straight year. He is a fantastic governor.
If  really loved this country
US government's foreign indebtedness has grown over 72% under . He is bleeding us dry to China.
The US government's foreign debt is at a record $5.29T . &amp;  get what needs to be done to reign in China.  gets kicked around by the Chinese.
Great speech on China by  yesterday where he explains why China is treating  like a Doormat Even NY Democrats are avoiding 's convention  Great signWe built this business without government help. Obama can kiss our a! . had to give $1
Via  Trump course sparks international interest My  interview discussing why  is not a nice guy

My  interview on  discussing why debt commission should be  discussed in debates &amp;  convention  Jeffrey Robinson's  has it all. The ultra rich
The country of Georgia is a small wonder. Performing well economically under the leadership of . A great American ally.
... is hiding plenty of bad things.
. shouldn't give additional tax returns until  gives his passport records
The harder I work
Wind farms are killing many thousands of birds. They make hunters look like nice people!
Palm Springs
Good news -  has pulled ahead in Wisconsin  I always said  will attack Iran
. could very well be close to attacking Iran. Could be this election's big October surprise...
Jennifer Aniston is engagedshe's a great person and I wish her well.
There are only 22 days for  to drop . Obama is not a loyal guy. I think he is strongly considering it.
I still hold the all-time attendance and pay per view record at .
Congratulations to  on passing 1
There's only only one person who has defunded Medicare. His name is .
Certain Internet sites are like a bad epidemic that won't go away-others are terrific
A great photo of  and me I wonder what the work atmosphere is like . It must be hard working at a dying institution.
What's more dangerous for the countrythe Iranian nuclear threat or  as President?
My interview with Don Imus on  discussing my  convention surprise &amp; 's China policy The Huffington Post is such a loserit will die just as AOL is dying
Military reps have attacked  over Bin Laden leaksthey believe he's just using this for his benefit. Not a big surprise...
One of the hardest jobs in politics must be cleaning up after  gaffes. I feel sorry for his spokespeople.
The  should have an amazing team next year with Kobe
Mr. President
If you don't have a competitive advantage
Chelsea Clinton will be very successful in the world of politics. She's always been a great persona winner. (cont)  is suggesting football is going away and  will lose.  is a moron.
$716 Billion from Medicare by . When will it end?
Congratulations to Linda McMahon on her victory in the Connecticut Senate primary. She is an amazing womansmart as you get! _McMahon
I have always done well with properties fronting on oceans
My acquisition of the Doral in Maimi will be a major success for the Trump Organization. The re-building is on schedule.
I have hired renowned golf course architect Gil Hanse to rebuild The Blue Monster at Doral. He designed the 2016 (cont) Scary thoughtwhat is the pervert Anthony Weiner doing with all the free time he has. Does he collect unemployment?
. visited today- Richard Mourdocka very good man running for the Senate in Indiana. Hopefully
I'm really glad that  no longer says what a nice guy  is.
Lightweight reporter Alex Pareene  is known as a total joke in political circles. Hence
Congratulations to  on winning last night's primary!
While  is a gaffe machine
Watch  explain how 'It's irrefutable' that President Obama is damaging Medicare' Nobody wants wind turbines
. is promoting ugly
The Euro is going to collapse soon. Cross border lending is already down and banks are stopping their Euro investments.
The Chinese are planning on going to the Moon...I hope they stop and take a look at our flag that was put there 43 years ago. -
Great newsChinese companies who were fixing prices and accounting are leaving the US stock market Every sports fan is treated to an All Star game. The loyal and growing fan base of  will be getting a much bigger treat!
By the US winning the Olympic medal count
Glad to hear  will be delivering the Keynote for the  convention. He will deliver a strong message.
Today I am working on my 'big surprise' for the  convention. Everyone will love it.
Now is the time to buy a house if you can DIRECTLY from a bank. They want to get rid of all their foreclosures.
Via _Decoder Donald Trump to 'surprise' GOP convention. What might he do? Via   Trump will have 'memorable' role at GOP convention My  interview discussing 's pick of 
Today is  on 
Congratulations to our Olympic team for by far winning the most medals
In 08
Borrowing and spending is not the way to prosperity.  
Glad to hear patriotic Americans are organizing a movement this August to boycott Chinese products Obama Care stole more then $500M from Medicare.
Trump Chicago was featured in Transformers 3.  Trump Tower was featured in Dark Knight Rises. Both are summer blockbusters. 
The Chicago machine is scared.  shows that  will run on a conservative &amp; coherent platform. 85 days until victory!
Today  will borrow 40 cents on every dollar he spends from China. Just another day at the office.
Monday morning 730 AM I'll be on . Tune in!
Believe you can and you're halfway there.

Over 2 million people have lost their jobs since  became POTUS. How many of them still have healthcare?
RT  Was Barack Obama A Foreign Exchange Student? Waste's Dep. of Energy was warned in advance by Treasury that it wasn't loaning $ out in good deals Sadonly 36% think America's best days are ahead while 49% believe they are in the past Congratulations to our great Women's Olympic Soccer team  on their gold medal. They made us all proud!
Watch my video blog to see if your questions from my Facebook page were answered- Our airports are Third Worldhorrible. Let's rebuild them by people who know how to do itinexpensively.
. given a raw deal in  storynot fair.
SUN newspaper/Scotland reports that Tourism jump is thanks to Trump. 8
Newsmax article 'Trump Declines Prime Time GOP Convention Speech' 

I will be speaking the night before the RNC in Sarasota
As we told the 
The failing New York Daily News knowingly incorrectly reported that I wanted to speak at the Republican National Conventionwrong!
China is cooking up conspiracy theories that the Olympics are rigged.  All recent Presidents have released their transcripts. What is  hiding?
The Penn State Board should resign based on the grossly incompetent way they handled the NCAA. They gave away (cont) Received a beautiful letter from Joe Paterno's son
. CEO John Schnatte has told shareholders that ObamaCare will force him to raise pizza prices 
. and  I gave a great review of your show in my  A review of 's show
Waste. With 22 new taxes &amp; $1.8T in added debt
Just letting China know in advance that the USA will win the medal count in the Olympics. Even with your cheating you can't beat us.
.'s 'Donald Trump' song is at 64.5M views on YouTube Even more  crony capitalism &amp; corruption. We are guaranteeing a $105M loan to another Obama donor See Newsmax story re Republican National Convention  Over 100M are now receiving some form of welfare Americans never quit.  General Douglas MacArthur
The brand new season of  starts filming in less than 5 weeks. The 'All Star' cast will be announced very soon.
I wonder if  ever had an Indonesian passport. Did he become an Indonesian citizen when he lived there?
Have you been to the  in the Trump Tower Atrium? Best meatloaf in the Citymy mother's famous recipe. 212.836.3249
To all struggling young entrepreneursstay positive in this tough climate and keep looking for good deals. They are out there.
DESPERATE-  is already asking supporters to 'find dirt' on 's VP picks These are facts In 2001
Job openings are at a 4 year high but businesses aren't hiring Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.   William James
.-Hood Rob our children's future by borrowing from the Chinese to pay for socialist programs that will bankrupt us.
No surprise that China was caught cheating in the Olympics. That's the Chinese M.O. - Lie
Pathetic is 'sweetening' his offer to the Taliban I always enjoy being interivewed on  by John Gambling. My father Fred used to listen to his father's show.
My  interview on The John Gambling Show discussing the 2012 election
Our major airports are decaying. It's embarrassing. We need to have them renovated by competent professionalsand fast.
My  interview on  discussing the  convention
My  interview on  discussing 's dirty tactics &amp; how  should respond The NYPost reports  Magazine dropped 18% to only 283
Great article by    Obama's College Classmate 'The Obama Scandal Is at Columbia' Tucson killer Loughner should be given the death penalty
. is doing very badly. Also
People are finally beginning to hit China and OPEC. They never give me credit for being the firstby farbut that's okay!
Looking forward to meeting the great folks of Sarasota GOP party when I am honored as 'Statesman of the Year.' Should be a wonderful time.
Glad that  is hitting  on ending work requirements for welfare. Obama attacks the American work ethic.
Tune in for my interview with  tonight at 10 pm
I am honored that  has featured my plane in one of his attack ads. It was made in America!
A 'confidential source' has called my office and told me that  has added over $6T to the new national debt &amp;  ruined US credit.
Glad to hear that  will be speaking at the  Convention. He is a true conservative and fantastic governor!
To the geniuses at 'Americans United for Change' the more you tax me the less people I employ. Get it?
Now the world is looking to China for an economic 'lift' I have founded and run one of the largest real estate empires in the world. I employ thousands of people. Why am I the enemy?
The  has 'clarified' that the unemployment is actually 8.254% not 8.3%  The real outsourcer -  is funding German automakers with the GM bailout money Now China 'calls in' US diplomats to lecture them on their illegal escapades. I went to 's play. I will be doing a review in the next .
Glad to hear Clint Eastwood endorsed . He understands that America needs a big boost to be strong again.
Outrageous is suing to suppress the military vote in Ohio My  interview discussing the  convention

The real war on womenover 175
Congratulations to yesterday marked the 1 YR anniversary of our country's credit being downgraded The Senate should be more concerned about actually passing a budget than spreading lies about 's taxes.
The Fed should not do another 'stimulus.' We can't keep spending our children's future away on waste.
Convenient - David Plouffe collected $100G fee from Iranian affiliate only a month before joining  Wrong's '08 campaign manager &amp; current Senior WH Advisor collected $100G fee from Iranian affiliate . will create 2 million new jobs if elected POTUS.  If reelected
Failure defeats losers

An 'extremely credible source' has called my office and told me that  bought his house with the help of Tony Rezko.
An 'extremely credible source' has called my office and told me that 's birth certificate is a fraud.
An 'extremely credible source' has called my office &amp; told me that  applied to Occidental as a foreign studentthink about it!
China's Olympic training program is abusive Our athletes in the Olympics are proving once again to be the greatest competitors in the world. Makes us proud to be Americans.
Congratulations to  on concluding the greatest Olympic career ever. You have made us all very proud.
Congratulations to Gabby Douglas on winning the Gold for the USA in gymnastics. She is terrific!
Over 150
New job numbers once again show no growth or recovery. Unemployment has been over 8% for 41 straight monthsnow up to 8.3%
US interest payments on the debt have already passed $375B this year 

Great new ad from  'Next Year...President  in Jerusalem
Good is trying to eliminate the tax on Olympic medals Make sure to grab your copy of this month's _Media detailing The Trump Effect  We need a President who understands the economy -  has US unemployment at 8.2% in July
In '08
Capital isn't scarce; vision is. 


So generous and pious! After spending millions of our tax dollars on his campaign through travel
More lies and deceptions is having his ex-staffers write 'independent' studies for his reelection The U.S. manufacturing sector has suffered its greatest order losses under . He has stood idle while China steals our jobs.
Jobless claims rose yet again last week  Thanks for the beautiful picture- you are fantastic!
Congratulations to  on his Texas primary victory last night. He will be an outstanding Senator.
The deficits under  are the highest in America's history. Why is he bankrupting our country?
Now  is issuing regulatory demands to states ordering no firings in November   . Op-Ed Culture Does Matter  Ohio Senator   knows how to return prosperity Good article What Happened to American Men from  by Michael Cohen NEW  TV AD Dream - For these small businesses
Donald Trump could again defy the conventional wisdom of the chattering class in November. _Media's cover The Trump Effect
The American gymnastic team was greatour country should take their lead.
.you are the greatest Olympic champion of them all. Fantastic job!
Control your own destiny or someone else will.

Consumer spending is continuing to fall with weak June numbers. 's policies have created a climate (cont) No member of Congress should be eligible for re-election if our country's budget is not balanced-deficits not allowed!
You pick it! . Anybody that says anything derogatory about  is labeled stupid
Enjoying the Olympics.  Great coverage by  as well. GO TEAM USA!
More waste
Attended last night's  gameDerek Jeter is both a great player and a great guy.
In '08  called Jerusalem Israel's capital Another example of 's diplomatic triumphshe gave the Queen of England an iIPod filled with his speeches.
Great to see  being well-received in Poland The polling numbers for 2012 are very interestingwill Americans ultimately want their leaders to be 'likeable' or 'competent'?
Great job to Missy Franklin. She's got a smile that can take over the world. She's also a major talent. Great going
My  interview discussing  2012 election polls
. blocked Keystone. Now China is preparing a massive $1.5B oil deal with Canada.  
Reckless is projecting $1.2T deficit from 2012 budget &amp; a projected $25.4T debt in a decade Not only does ObamaCare have at least 21 new taxes but it will lead to a tremendous doctor shortfall.
The Chinese are illegally dumping bird-killing wind turbines on our shores. Only one of many grievanceswe should act.
The US GDP in 2010 was 4.1%
. should be careful questioning  on diplomacyhow many times has Obama apologized for our country on foreign soil?!
. bowed to the Saudi King in publicyet the Dems are questioning 's diplomatic skills.
The difference between  and 's campaign promises to  is that Mitt will actually keep all of his.
Smart move by the Democrats to have Pres.  play a key role in their convention.
There is no substitute for hard work.


Why has  allowed the Muslim Brotherhood to visit the ? What Hope &amp; Change!
The  are going to have a terrific season. _Sanchez &amp;  will do great things on the field.
What a 'nice guy' - 97% of 's campaign ads have been negative attacks on  

Good news -  has  beating  49%-44%  I am confident when American public gets to know 
Price of corn has jumped over 50%. This will cause a jump in food prices perhaps beyond what we've ever seen. Nasty for the economy.
The Audacity of the Federal Reserve purchased 61% of all debt issued by Treasury in 2011. Killing our children's future.
The Federal government has $2.7T in assets &amp; $17.5T in total liabilities plus another $4.7T in intergovernmental debt. Have a nice day.
By folding
Amazing how fast all of Joe Paterno's friends abandoned him. They ran for the hills.
Hope &amp; Changesince  has taken office
US Gov't is on the hook for more than a third of the world's entire debt &amp; we wonder why China &amp; OPEC are laughing all the way to the bank!
Congratulations to he is the first POTUS to run trillion dollar deficits in all four years of his term!
Remember when  promised you could keep your coverage? Study shows 1 in 10 employers will drop health care Twitter is on 's enemies list Delusional claims that his economic plan worked  I can't stress strongly enough that we are currently in a buyer's residential market.Try to buy directly from a bank.
The  acquisition of Ichiro was a smart move. I look forward to watching him play.
._state leadership has permanently scarred &amp; perhaps destroyed a great university. They should have (cont) Which campaign is possibly on the trajectory towards insolvency? China's domestic economic and political problems prove how pathetic our leadership is in allowing China to rip us off BIG is preferred to handle the economy over  by 63%-29% in a  poll . discussing my  interview Trump 'Clamor for 's tax returns has died down' From _Media  Public not Worried About 's Tax Returns My  interview discussing housing prices
Sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make.


Fast trial and death penalty for maniac in Colorado- immediately pass speed up legislation.
Read this's birth certificate cannot survive judicial scrutiny because of phantom numbers SHOCKHugo Chavez endorses  Jay Carney won't answer reporters questions of Why Obama won't release his college transcripts- Come on
Hypocrite has major investments in companies that are outsourcing jobs overseas Under 
Foreign leaders are already requesting meetings with  to warn that we are viewed as in decline Who else could take 16 vacations
The NYPD has been doing a fantastic job protecting NYC. I hope Chief Ray Kelly is strongly considering running for mayor.
With 15% US real unemployment and a 16T debt
Must read article in   probe could dwarf Watergate Weekly jobless claims are now at an astronomical 365
My  interview discussing America's financial uncertainty due to  and the job report I'll be on  Monday morning at 730 AM. Tune in!
With  listing himself as Born in Kenya in 1999Bay Bridge in San Fransisco
I am impressed with the scam  pulled
Breitbart gets it! Vote now should release his college application records and grades. He says he (cont) At least 12 dead and 50 wounded in Coloradobring back fast trials &amp; death penalty for mass murderers &amp; terrorists.
Some really dumb blogger for failing 
Breitbart gets it! Vote nowObama should release his college application records &amp; grades. He says he loves (cont) . economic gloom jobless claims have surged Irresponsible! In the last 6 months  has held over 100 fundraisers and not a single meeting with his Job Council.
More $ thrown away -  gave $20M to Amonix and praised its success in '10. It just filed for bankruptcy Great articlea must read by Peter Ferrara at  about The Biggest Government  Spender in World History

I hope Bill Clinton and NEWSMAX's Chris Ruddy are enjoying their mission to Africa. Two great people.
In 1999  said that he didn't support Welfare Reform Via why doesn't  release his original book proposal which says he was born in Kenya?Great new campaign ad just released by   Since  is on such a transparency kickhow about releasing Fast &amp; Furious info to Brian Terry's family?

My  interview where I discuss 's Job Council
Corrupt's largest bundlers are fundraisers linked to the Obama Solyndra boondoggle 

Show me someone without an ego
Columbia University stated there was a computer error in their system concerning 's attendance. (cont) Taking a photo with my family on the opening day of Trump International Golf Links Scotland- Cowards die many times before their actual deaths. Caesar
The new  motto - You Own Nothing
So  is celebrating his 'birthday' with a fundraiser in his home he bought with the help of Rezko John Sununu was more right than he even knew yesterday   indeed needs to learn how to be an American.
What recovery? JP Morgan has readjusted Q2 growth down from 1.7% to 1.4% and Q3 to 1.5% with 2012 on a whole at 1.7% What's more important for the American public to have? 's tax returns or 's sealed records?
Happy 94th birthday to Nelson Mandela!
As I always said
So 's campaign is calling  a potential criminal Why does HI Revised Statute 338-17.8 allow an HI resident who doesn't have to be US citizen to procure an official Hawaii birth certificate?
Congratulations to  on his successful Cold Case Posse investigation which claims 's 'birth certificate' is fake
's Cindy Adams has a great report on the Dark Knight Rises premiere  On the red carpet at the NYC premiere of Dark Knight Rises with  via 's _roper The class warfare being played by  is the only way he can get reelected. He can't have America focus on his horrendous record.
Dark Knight Rises is projected to gross over $180 million this weekend. Remember to watch for Trump Tower!
Weirdwhy did BarackObama Sr. fail to list  as his son in his 1961 INS application?  QUOTE If you have health insurance
Watch  admit Obamacare is a TAX According to a  poll
Congratulations to John Roberts for making Americans hate the Supreme Court because of his BS  For the sake of transparency
Why would  be spending millions of dollars to hide his records if there was nothing to hide?
When will we see 's passport records (sealed)?
. needs to make  regret that he ever asked for his tax records.
My interview in  with  discussing being awarded the 2012 Statesman of the Year by Sarasota GOP My  interview discussing why the Fed shouldn't do a QE3
My review of  and more in today's - Remember how  did not have any tort reform? Now the trial lawyers are getting ready for even more lawsuits I hope  now starts asking for any &amp; all of 's sealed recordsit's time.
.'s college application would be very very very very interesting!
If  had such a wonderful academic record why wouldn't he want to show it?
I wonder what the answer is on 's college application to the question place of birth? Maybe the (cont) Outrageous is trying to unilaterally gut welfare reform The Supreme Art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting.  Sun Tzu
So much for Hope and Change.  has already spent over $100M on attack ads across the swing states He has no respect for American exceptionalism.  has outsourced our space program to the Russians Congratulations to  on winning access to federal database I hope  is recuperating well in LA.  Get better!  
What controversy? 2 'active'  supporters at Bain have confirmed that  left in '99 Bain did not list  as an Executive on its website in 2000 My  interview discussing how  should release his college applications &amp; records A drug free A-Rod is just an average baseball player. will soon move him down in the batting order &amp; should renegotiate his contract
Wife Huma wants  to pull a  by giving a tell-all interview. Unlike Clinton
My friend  lost his wonderful son Sage this weekend. We all send Sly our love and warmest wishes. (cont) For America to be great again we must have a President who has been successful and Americans can learn from on how to succeed.
In his entire political career
The Football program at Penn State should be suspended.
Penn State is doing a poor job in bringing its mess to a close.They should be ashamed for hiding Sandusky's crimes all these years...
A true honor.  considers asking for 's college transcripts a Donald Trump question. . should release all his records (like other Presidents)....
Don't believe the liesevery budget  has delivered to Congress raises the income tax on EVERYONE Think of it-20% of our country is essentially unemployed.
. wants to see 10 yrs of 's tax returnstell him okbut we want to see your college applications first.'
Nasty  tactics being used by  campaign against . Must stop saying Obama is a nice manhe is not!
America's Olympic uniforms are manufactured in China. Burn the uniforms!.S.OlympicCommittee
I wonder why  is not going to the NAACP Convention. Is it because he can't answer questions about 14.7% Black unemployment?
Seth Meyers was terrible co-hosting with Kelly. Marbles in his mouth-&amp; he must stop picking at his handsinsult to the great Regis Philbin!
Free enterprise is still the greatest force for upward mobility
Back in NY from Scotland and fighting for our country to get better. Trump International Golf Links Scotland opened to rave reviews.
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.


If you don't have passion
Have we ever had a POTUS before  who earned over 1/3 of his income from foreign sources and paid taxes to another country?
. reported over $269

Even the Left realizes that 's policies have led to more jobs being outsourced out of this country. Almost daily more discrepancies in 's biography continue to arise. Who is this guy?
Very strangewhy do database records contradict  and show he was only at Columbia 1 year? There's no bigger name in America than Donald Trump
Today  addressed the NAACP.  takes their vote for granted which is why there is such high Black unemployment.
Nice interview in the  Atlantic of Sarasota GOP Chair Joe Gruters on my 2012 'Statesman of the Year' award Great to see Tony La Russa manage one last game last night. Congratulations to the National League on winning the  All-Star Game.
Via  Trump tees off on new golf course in Scotland  Chris Ruddy is always on point Trump Opens 'Greatest Golf Course In the World' Great article in the   Donald Trump opens 100m golf course How can  invoke Richard Nixon against  when Obama just used Executive Privilege on Fast &amp; Furious?!
What a coincidence?! 's campaign logo uses the same font as Cuban communist propaganda posters. However beautiful the strategy

Congrats to he has now had over 40 months straight of over 8% unemployment while accruing over $6T (cont) Everyone is talking about how Trump Tower is the exterior for Wayne Enterprises in Dark Knight Rises-it's true. The liberal media is focusing on 's bank records. How about reviewing 's illegal land deal contracts with Tony Rezko?
The U-6 Unemployment Rate is over 14.9%. ObamaCare is stopping businesses from both hiring and expanding.
Why is  constantly issuing executive orders that are major power grabs of authority? This is the latest

. should not give any other further information until  releases the things that everyone wants to see
President Obama wants  to hand over even more past tax returns- he should when  reveals his college applications.
I'm in Scotland to open what we hope to be the greatest golf course in the world- it's amazing.
I am truly honored to have been chosen Statesman of the Year by the Republican Party of Sarasota County. The (cont) My family and I just arrived in Scotland for the grand opening of Trump International Golf Links
Gotta hand it to 
When true golfers see what I do at Doral it will be the hottest club in the country.  
A Great 4th of July! America a great country who's brightest days
Hope and Change? Job numbers down. Time for 
Keep an eye on Anthony Weiner. Weasels are hard to get rid of.
As I anticipated
Job numbers today- terrible! So what else is new?
Never confuse a single defeat with a final defeat.  F. Scott Fitzgerald
John Roberts arrived in Malta yesterday.  Maybe we will get lucky and he will stay there.
When will Pakistan apologize to us for providing safe sanctuary to Osama Bin Laden for 6 years?! Some ally.
Today  is in Ohio on a bus tour. Tomorrow Pennsylvania. How about actually running the country?
May jobless numbers have been readjusted to 8.2%.  's economy is a disaster I don't care what people say
We must never bend too much.  Yitzhak Shamir (1915-2012) Welcome to 's America - 8.74 million workers on 'Federal Disability Via 's ObamaCare is a tax Hypocrite! in '06  called private equity the best opportunity for long-term economic vitality Just as I predicted
Wowsuch sacrfices for his re-election.  will not vacation in Martha's Vineyard this summer.Degenerate former Congressman Anthony Weiner is trying to make a comeback. He is a sick &amp; perverted man that New York does not want or need.
Con Ed has won its suit against the Ground Zero Mosque developers Tomorrow we celebrate Independence Day
I believe  made a deal with the Saudis to increase oil production until after the election. Then (cont) Great poll numbers for  just outhe is leading substantially in swing states.
The 'brunt' of ObamaCare will be shouldered by folks making under $120K  Is it legal for  to make campaign donor calls from Air Force One? Why is  continuing to lie? Happy to have just passed 1.3M Twitter followers. Love communicating with everyone daily.
David Wright of the NY Mets should have been on the 1st Team All Stars. He's having a great year.
Don't believe 's whiningPro-Romney SuperPAC spending is on par with Pro-Obama SuperPAC DangerousThe USC ObamaCare ruling means the government can now tax you for inactivity.
China court Apple pays $60M to settle iPad case. China is getting away with murder. WRONG A China court ordered  to pay $60M to a Chinese company that registered iPad before  My  interview discussing ObamaCare
Tomorrow is  on 
A general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him. General Douglas MacArthur
Interesting  studies show that wind farms have a warming effect on the climate
Friends of mine who are driving Cadillacsit is becoming a very hot carare raving about what a great job  has done.
ObamaCare has 21 tax hikes

Great newshere comes the Tea Party!  has received 42k donations online &amp; raised over $4.2 million since the ObamaCare decision.
Justice Kennedy should be proud of himself for sticking to his principles
Interesting that Roberts said it was a tax in order to come out with his good public relations decision when (cont) Had a great time with  last night. He is focused and ready for the battle ahead. Lots of money was raised.
It seems that Justice Scalia originally wrote the majority on ObamaCare and Roberts then switched his position. Justice Roberts did the Republican Party and  a great favor. He essentially said ObamaCare is a tax
Justice Roberts turned on his principles with absolutely irrational reasoning in order to get loving press from (cont) Wind Farms are not only disgusting to look at but also cause tremendous damage to their local ecosystems. Obamacare will bankrupt our country and lead to socialized medicine. We must all focus now on electing  this November.
A list from  Top 10 Most Expensive Obamacare Taxes and Fees  Stopping Obamacare is now up to the American people. We must elect  this November.
Remember this- told  in 09 that it is not true that the individual mandate is a tax The USC made a terrible decision today. How can a requirement to buy private health insurance logically be a Government tax?!
Wow
Preliminary talks have begun for next season's . As usual
The secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes. Benjamin Disraeli
It is terrible that  did not appoint an independent counsel to investigate the national security leaks. No accountability.
The Fed's actions these past 3 years could bring record high inflation in the near future. That would be (cont) Who's the outsourcer? 's campaign is using a travel company with outsourced jobs in China and India. A Lion's List of Democrats are not attending 's DNC Convention. The Democratic Party is in turmoil. Unemployment has been over 8% for a record 40 straight months. 's election will end the  downturn.
Experience is a hard teacher because she gives the test first
Scarynow China's Development Bank is looking to buy U.S. homes and developments Welcome to the new Egypt Muslim Brotherhood representatives who won't take questions from Israeli journalists Shock - 's DNC Convention has a $27M deficit and events are starting to be canceled. Empty pockets never held anyone back. Only empty heads and empty hearts can do that.  Norman Vincent Peale
Outrageous-  has spent over $2.7B on implementing  since the oral arguments at SCOTUS  I am glad America is starting to get to know  the way I know him. A wonderful &amp; decent family man (cont) Another broken promise by   actually increases income inequality What a statesman!  made sure to quickly call the Muslim Brotherhood victor to congratulate him on (cont) The Islamists have won. Just as I predicted
My  interview re Muslim Brotherhood taking over Egypt
Tomorrow is  on  730 AM
An insightful article on  Wind Power is proving to be very costly and unsightly.
Sometimes there is justice. A Chinese military newspaper was hacked. Many Democrats up for reelection in 2012 are skipping the DNC convention in Charlotte Watch the WH spokesman try to spin 's rationale for using exec. priv. on Fast &amp; Furious The $9B that  spent in 'Stimulus' for Solar
Moody's is out to make publicity. The bank downgrades from yesterday don't make up for 's giving AAA (cont) U.S. tuitions are completely out of control. In the last 4 years
Congrats to  on winning  championship.  is a tremendous owner &amp; has done wonders for (cont) Good messaging and staying on point.  called  anti-investment

Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work. - Thomas Edison
Sadjust 16% of American parents think their children will be better off than them The  campaign took in 

The new  trailer is fantastic Rape is a huge problem in the U.S. military. Over 19
I look forward to playing golf with President  someday.
The USC should be ruling any day now on . Hopefully we will get the right result.
SHOCK - 's people are sending paid political organizers to heckle at  events

CORRUPTwith the national security leaks and Fast &amp; Furious
Yesterday there was yet another massive intelligence leak by the  administration. The Amateur! First  was caught bowing to the Saudi King but now the President of Mexico!  Now is the time to buy housing
.'s Donald Trump just hit 60 million hits. Maybe I should go into a new business.
Congratulations to  on his new late night show! He will do really well. (It pays to win )
Putin has no respect for our President - really bad body language.
Now the Chinese are planning a war game w/ the Iranians
Congrats to Roger Clemens
Now even 's old professors are coming out in opposition to his re-election. My  interview re Europe's financial mess
On Friday  said that China has better cities and airports than the US. Well what has  done about it the last 3 years?!
I don't mind that  plays a lot of golf. I just wish he used it productively to make deals with Congress!
Before you are a leader
I'll be on  on Monday at 730 AM. Always interesting. Tune in!
Win a dinner with  and me in New York this June 28th. It's selling like hotcakes! Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out.  John Wooden
The U.S. needs to protect our intelligence assets
Today's announcement by  on immigration was done for reelection. He is using the office of the presidency as a campaign tool.
Now is the time for the  to be united with the mission of electing  this November. Stop with the public divisions.
I wonder when we will be able to see 's college and law school applications and transcripts. Why the long wait?
Leadership the art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it. Dwight D. Eisenhower
Great players in sports make the game fun to watch.  has continued to impress with another amazing season. Absolute professional.
I don't believe in government picking winners; or in the case of ()
Failurefor all of 's talk of engaging the world
Watch this video to see how bad wind turbines are for the environment-  Shockingover 92% of Francewho just elected a socialist for its new PMwant  re-elected Today both  and  are giving speeches on their economic policies in Ohio. The choice is (cont) Today is my birthday. My wish is for our country to be great and prosperous again.
The measure of who we are is what we do with what we have. Vince Lombardi
The one positive from the plunge in household wealth is that we are in a buyer's market. This is the time to buy!
SCARY-$6T in debt and $1T annual budget deficits later
China's currency manipulation is one of our nation's greatest sovereign threats. The yuan has appreciated 40% against our dollar since 2005.
The  healthcare plan post ObamaCare relies on consumer choices with more options Thanks to  rejecting the Keystone XL pipeline
Once again
Good news is now leading in North Carolina according to . The NC GOP is united after their (cont) My  interview discussing 's comments
Biden  Spends $1 Million Annually for Weekend Trips The Euro
Good is suing the Federal Government so he can protect the voter rolls  Success is not final
Sad. has already exempted major oil importers on Iranian sanctions and is negotiating a waiver with China.ScaryAmericans private wealth fell 40% from 2007-2010 . is 100% right. The US Supreme Court should do the right thing &amp; overturn ObamaCare or the country (cont) Welcome to the new reality. Goldman Sachs just based their new Asia Pacific chairman not in Tokyo
Don't believe the media stories. OPEC and the Saudis have not been doing us any favors recently with oil outputs. Oil should be $30/barrel.
The  -  Eyes are on Northeast Pa. with gas development  As one of Miamii's largest landowners
My  interview discussing Jamie Dimon
My  interview discussing 's comments
Sadly
The entrepreneur builds an enterprise; the technician builds a job. Michael Gerber
Don Jr. will present the Keynote Address in South Africa on Dec. 1st 
Trump Tuesday tomorrow at 738 AM.
The Justice Department's investigation into the national security leaks is not independent. This is a very grave situation.
WASTEHUD is spending $70M to teach grant recipients how to spend the money from their grants China has copied our military's F-22 Raptor design Last Friday's gaffe by  claiming that the private sector is doing fine is illustrative.Everything to him revolves around gov't
Donald Trump song is up to almost 60 million hits crazy!
With almost 1.3 million followers and rising really fast
. was robbed in his title fight on Saturday night. No wonder boxing is dying. Bring back the 15 round fights.
Miss Florida was great in her denial of Miss Pennsylvania's phoney statements. She blows Miss Pennsylvania away- a different league .
Thanks to 
Accounting firm Ernst &amp; Young and the celebrity judges are insulted by Miss Pennsylvania's made up PR.
Miss Pennsylvania is just looking for free publicity at the expense of the real winner of Miss USA Olivia Culpo.
Beautiful  in  tomorrow as Audrey Hepburn in front of Tiffany's.
Too bad I'll Have Another out of Belmont Stakes- interest now way down.
Typical's Press Secretary deflects any criticism of Obama's constant celebrity visits by attacking me. My great honor.
Now  is telling  how to control his own assets. This is a tragedy. The real unemployment rate is 14.8% with over 23.2 million unemployed Americans. We can do much better.
He who knows when he can fight and when he cannot
Small businesses will have an ally in the White House with . Mitt gave a great interview yesterday Take a tour of this amazing penthouse in Trump Park Avenue.... Shockeven more  solar corruption. 's chief of staff's firm got biggest DOE loan. Greece's financial calamity should serve as a warning. 's massive deficit spending is unsustainable.
How foolish did  look yesterday trying to rationalize why  accepts donations from Bain? It's good to see that  is protecting the sanctity of this November's elections
While I own properties across the world I am very excited about my new acquisition of  in Miami. (cont) . and I are working out a great dinner for someone- I hope it's you! Why is  spending millions to try and hide his records? He is the least transparent Presidenteverand he ran on transparency.
The results are in. I killed Wolf Blitzer in our debate. I like Wolf but he went for an ambush!  
China's new AND ADVANCED currency manipulation is killing the U.S. Help!
The Miss USA Pageant  was a big ratings hit for NBC won the evening. Thank you
. was very nice to me
Is Roger Simon  ever right about anything? Now he's attacking  in defense of (cont) . on  tonight at 7PM EST. Tune in!
Obama was very disloyal to Wisconsin Democrats.  never showed up to help them even though he (cont) Congratulations to  of Wisconsina great victory. A smart and tough guy. Great going.
It was  who promised if you like your plan
China's best friend  wants to cut the US fleet down to 230 ships
A market is never saturated with a good product
While  spends recklessly on domestic projects
What a foolish statement by  - he said that a  VP pick would 'insult' Hispanics  We have all been following the Wisconsin recall election. 's victory tonight will be well-earned. A Governor who gets results.
Trump Vineyard Estates is a breathtaking location to hold special events for all occasions. Watch the video for a look- Just cancelled my subscription to . Boring newspaper with no mojomust be losing a fortune. Founder (cont) My  interview. Now that China's own economy is slowing In some ways it is sad. We all wanted  to succeed. It's not worked out that way.
The real war on women. Under  766
Welcome to the new reality be careful. Retirement ages will be pushed to 80 due to the incompetence of our leaders. I had a wonderful meeting with Likud Deputy Speaker of The Knesset  this past Friday in Trump Tower My  interview discussing  Olivia Culpo
Congratulations to Miss Rhode Island on winning the Miss USA contest. She did an amazing job.
Sooner or later
TRUMP TUESDAY  tomorrow at 730 am  Tune in!
I had fun appearing in the video for Carly Rae Jepsen's  for  2012- Watch  2012 live tonight on  at 9PM EST!
I had a fun time doing the  video featuring the  contestants
I am in Las Vegas for the  2012 pageant. Watch live tonight on  at 9PM ET. The  2012 contestants standing outside of Trump Tower in New York City- The stock market is having a horrendous day- bad employment numbers.
Almost all reporters falsely report that I had a bad time at last year's White House Correspondents' Dinner. (cont) Sooner or later
Now the  campaign is fundraising off of me. I should get a tax rebate! Waste! The CBO now estimates that 's stimulus cost $831B and a ridicuous $4.1M per job created What a foolish move by  to speak in Boston yesterday! Completely outmaneuvered by the  campaign.
Now  is telling donors he will need to 'revisit' healthcare in his 2nd term  Pres. Bill Clinton
Tune in Sunday June 3 to NBC at 9pm ET for the 2012 Miss USA competition
Over $1T in annual deficit spending and adding over $6T to the debt for what? May jobless numbers are horrendous. The great Obama recovery.
's interview on  discussing her beautiful jewelry line
The  2012 contestants pose for a picture with me at Trump Tower in New York City- Bay Bridge in California made in China for $1.8 billion. $300 million in cost overruns. Are we stupid?
See you tonight in North Carolina. Making keynote for the Republican party- will be fun.
Thank you to the  for a very nice story- Unemployment has risen today and some other very bad news has just been reported- the stock market is way down.
I'll be on  on Monday at 730 AM...be sure to tune in.
The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength
US job cuts jumped 53% in May from April

Pathetic! Since  is going to win the recall
Q1 GDP has just been revised down to 1.9% Does anyone believe that  did not fully write or review the 1991 publisher booklet?
When will  realize he is on a fool's errand trying to defend 's ineptitude?
Dine with The Donald and Mitt Looking forward to meeting everyone at the North Carolina GOP this Friday where I will be the keynote speaker at the dinner. 
China and Saudi Arabia recently struck a deal which is the largest expansion by any oil company in the world (cont) The golden rule for every businessman is this 'Put yourself in your customer's place.'

Commodity prices are beginning  


So  claims that 's birth certificate evokes 'controversy' It was an honor to be with  the night he clinched the nomination. He will defeat  and be a tremendous POTUS.
How ironic that 's campaign would call me a charlatan. Have they looked at their boss's record?
The  fundraiser last night was a tremendous success.
George Will was critical of  throughout the primary. Maybe it is because his wife was turned down for (cont) George Will was pushing for  for the GOP nomination in December...said he was going to win. (cont) The  campaign keeps highlighting a web video of John McCain being nice &amp; respectful. I'll bet John (cont) My  interview discussing my  fundraiser in Trump Int'l Hotel Las Vegas and the state of the (cont) My  interview with  where I discuss 's 'birth certificate' and why  has low ratings ScaryAmerica would have had to pay all its GDP to the government to cover 's real 2011 budget deficit Now Chinese agents are smuggling our military weapons through rogue US soldiers Everybody is raving about the Trump Home Mattress by . If you are looking for a mattress
In his own words
Rush is right.  and I have both created more jobs than ...in fact
What could be better than dinner with  and me? I want to see 's college records to see how he listed his place of birth in the application.
It's amazing how celebrities such as  can say horrible untrue things about Republican politicians and it's (cont) Reverend Wright was dumped like a dog by he can't be feeling too good.
Perhaps 's biggest shortcoming as President is he failed to unite the country.
Pres  expects  to play nice like it's not going to happen &amp; the result is going to be much different.
For what is the best choice
The greatest commodity to own is land. It is finite. God is not making any more of it.
So  will attack 's career at Bain Capital but won't return donations from Bain executives Unsustainable-  has increased total federal budget outlays by over 24% during his term Now  has decided there are 5 million Palestinian refugees In '08
I am very excited about hosting  today for a fundraiser. Looking forward to seeing  and many other friends.
Losers such as George Will and  use me to get publicity for themselves. They are strictly third rate.
. is practically begging  to disavow the place of birth movement
George Will may be the dumbest(and most overrated) political commentator of all time. If the Republicans listen to him
Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference.  Winston Churchill
HYPOCRITE! Long before  called the Tea Party 'teabaggers' he dressed as a revolutionary in a Hyde Park rallyDine With The Donald and Mitt

Pictures of  and me from the Men In Black III premiere in New York City Why are armed drones being released over our homeland by the Government?Egypt is going the exact opposite of what it was. They will soon be very strongly against Israel. Thanks
My _Media interview discussing OPEC
Do not go where the path may lead
Josh Brolin
Cadillac has made amazing strides in the beauty and quality of their cars. Great management teamcongratulations! 
Lolo Jones
What a series the   is turning out to be! Tonight's game should be another close one.
ObamaCare's tax credit is underperforming by over 95% creating an even bigger cost to the debt Interesting.'s 1981 transfer class to Columbia declined in quality according to the Columbia Spectator Welcome to Twitter
Capitalism doesn't guarantee success
The storied success of Bain in private entrepreneurship and equity is one reason  will be a great POTUS.
Disaster! The  tax hikes set for 2013 are going to throw us back into a recession according to the CBO Obstacles are those frightening things that become visible when we take our eyes off our goals.  Henry Ford
A bite from last night's  interview discussing Rev. Wright's Ed Klein interview and the 2012 campaign A segment from last night's  interview discussing  and fighting fire with fire in a campaign The  administration is pressuring contractors to fix job loss estimates from environmental regulations I'll be on Piers Morgan Tonight this evening
I wonder if  ever applied to Occidental
The Republicans should use everything against just as  is going to use everything (cont) China is now given preference to buy US debt by going directly to Treasury. I don't believe  knows that he selling us out.
Glad to see that Sacha Baron Cohen's new movie is not only a dud but not too good at the box office. He is talentless. _B_Cohen
Hmmm...can you imagine me speaking at the RNC Convention in Tampa?I am a registered Republican. 

My  interview discussing why I don't own Facebook stock and running a tough campaign against  Who would you like to see on next season of ? Let us know- everyone wants to be on it.
In today's  I talk about how well Will Smith handled the situation with the reporter- I loved Walter Cronkite
President Obama's literary agent (in 1991) promoted a book about the first African-American president of the (cont) Rapper 's song
Rev. Wright called 
Mr. Pesident
Will Smith did a great job by smacking the guy reporter who kissed him on the lips at a red carpet event. (cont) America has lost its AAA rating and gained over $6T in debt under  and now he wants to raise the debt ceilingSCARY!
Congratulations to  of the . What a great season he is havingbatting over 400 and clutch hitting. Also
The  must re-negotiate 's contract. He is not the same player without drugs.
 Who will win? Time Warner Cable went out on 5th Avenue for 2 plus days. They are a disaster. I think I'm going to switch.
Sure's literary agent claims the 1991 booklet was a 'mistake' Let's take a closer look at that birth certificate.  was described in 2003 as being born in Kenya. Reckless! Why is  wasting over $70 Billion on 'climate change activities?' Will he ever learn? 

Seems hard to believe that  could be worth that muchbe careful if you invest. And Mark Zuckerbergget a pre-nup.
Donna Summer performed for me many timesshe was great and will be missed. 
Mitt Romney matches sitting President in fundraising for Aprilnot an easy thing to do. Bad news for (cont) Under Mayor  and Police Commissioner  Kelly all violent crime in NYC is down dramatically. That's leadership.
The best vision is insight. Malcolm Forbes
WaPo attack on alleged high school incidents by  is a hit job to me. Where are 's high school and college records?
's Mark Zuckerberg is clearly a brilliant guy. My advice? Get a pre-nup! Here's what I told  on  when it comes to singer 's inappropriate attacks on  Diligence is the mother of good luck.

SHOCK! While attacking 's private equity experience
Wrong! Under 's watch
Glad to see that Jamie Dimon passed yesterday's shareholder vote. The JP Morgan stock holders understand that a good CEO is worth keeping.
The final two-  and - visited yesterday- Under 
We should not bail out any of the European countries or banks.
Why the nation's debt keeps growing - a Dept of Agriculture employee made over $242K with a $63K bonus A great ad from  showing A Few of the 23 Million unemployed who need economic change Why won't  repeal the Defense of Marriage Act if he supports gay marriage? According to   has a 12 point advantage over  on the economy Congratulations to my friend  on being named to the Hall of Famous Missourians. Rush is a great guy &amp; a great character.
My  interview discussing Jamie Dimon
My  interview discussing 's misleading political ad
I hope Mark Zuckerberg signs a prenup with his current girlfriend- perhaps soon to be wife. Otherwise
Don't find fault. Find a remedy.


Worired that the USC will strike down ObamaCare
More than $500 million designated for Iraqi Army disappeared. Where is it? Our sad sad countrywhat have we come to?
Mitt Romney gave a masterful speech this weekend at Liberty University with a wonderful introduction by Mark DeMoss. Well done. 
Now China is threatening our allies who share defense pacts with us
Did  try to bribe Rev. Wright with $150K?  
Great quote from the late Steve Jobs Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower.
Facebook billionaire gives up his U.S. citizenship in order to save taxes. I guess 3.8 billion isn't enough for (cont) Very resource rich Canada
The TIME Magazine cover showing late age breast feeding is disgustingsad what TIME did to get noticed. 
Howard Stern will do a great job on 'sGotTalent. He's very smart and really gets what talent is. 
 should stop with the bad plastic surgery and nasty statements about good people running for office. I (cont)  ratted out his best friend  in a ridiculous trial. Not nice! Who is rooting for Andy P?
Ugly industrial wind turbines are ruining the beauty of parts of the countryand have inefficient unreliable energy to boot.
Terrible. Wind farms are provided permits by the US government
Good news. Voters give  the edge over  on handling the economy according to  If the press can report stories from 's dorm years then why can't it find 's college and law school transcripts?
Procter and Gamble is relocating its beauty headquarters from Cincinnati to Asiawhat are we doing?!
The April jobs report is terrible. If the labor forces didn't shrink under  then real unemployment (cont) Selective memory -  says that he forgets the recession Watch Celebrity Apprentice on Sunday at 9 pm on NBCwe're winding up for a terrific finale. What a season! I'll be on  on Monday at 730 a.m.  Always a great time.
In the UK

Who's the flip flopper?  has never flip flopped on gay marriage.
Our trade deficit continues to rise at record rates  Barclay
Congratulations to   on forming his new unity government. A major political success for the Jewish State of Israel.
Welcome to the new reality.  is now letting China buy US banks . attacked . She is an average talent who is out of touch with reality. Like  O'Donnell
The polling numbers show a close race.  needs all of our support.
Georgetown should not host  for the graduation ceremony. Her policies abuse Catholics.
Gas prices are still too high. We really need to pressure OPEC to lower the price of oil.
Joe Biden called America the Problem vis a vis Iran My  interview discussing the economy
My  interview discussing the Republic of Georgia
It's not that I'm so smart
My son Don will be giving the Keynote Address at The Investment Show in Sandton
2011  winner  and  interviewed the final four in this week's episode- Entrepreneurs must have vision plus the power of focus... to see the future and turn their vision into a profitable reality. 
I don't consider writing books a small venture...writing books is essentially a sharing experience.  
VOTE 4  &amp; derekhough tonight! She's doing a great job on Dancing with the Stars  (&amp; a good person). 1-800-868-3401
V.P.....really! What's the primary ingredient for success? Passion. You have to love what you're doing or you won't get too far.
You can't build a reputation on what you're doing to do.  Great quote by Henry Ford.
Still a buyer's market. Home prices are dropping
We must keep the pressure on 's administration to make sure Chen comes to the US. It would be a tragedy to abandon him in China.
No wonder Afghanistan is a mess!  is releasing high level insurgents in exchange for pledges of peace. I had a great time doing press interviews with  and _Giudice earlier today- Our economy is at a standstill. Some are even predicting a possible double dip. We need to elect  in November.
The election result in France is very disappointing. The Europeans have to embrace austerity in order for their economy to fully recover.
Glad to hear Mariano Rivera is going to make a comeback in 2013. He is a true sportsman and a great competitor. The 9/11 trials at Gitmo over the weekend were a disaster. Can you imagine how much worse it would be if  tried them in NYC?
Watch ET tonight to find out what my beautiful wife will be wearing at the Met Gala!  My  interview discussing the 9/11 Trials at Gitmo
Much as it pays to emphasize the positive
Ultimately
Tomorrow is  on 
Looks like my work here is done
Firing  may have come as a surprise. Shes a strong player. But there are no losers at this late point. 
 Listening to the advice from  and  adds another insight into the Final 4. 
  I very much rely on my own take of the situation and people involved. My instincts (cont)   might get some use out of the Chi Touch digital hairdryer. Not the same for .
Remember the huge amount of money raised by  and company 
I have a feeling the emphasis by  and  will be on the charities and the money raised. (cont)  Its good to have Jack back too with . Hes become a star. 
  and  were on  theyre back!
 Teresa seems to underestimate the power of observancethat of the client as well as her team- but shes a wonderful person
 Boardroomscan anything be more intense? 
 _giudice definitely fell under 's negotiation skillsan important business tool.
  wins $100
  and  have the eyes and ears for total surveillance- I wonder where they got that from?
  trying to be invisible?  No way thats going to happen. 
Product placement is a definite prerequisite. 
How will the client react? Theyve got both Elle Magazine and Chi to please. 
Aubrey has a lot of self confidencebut will it be warranted? 
Im not sure about _giudice as Project Manager.  can be formidable. But lets see what happens 
Good move by Aubrey to be the red-headed model they didnt have. 
Its clear to me that _giudice needs some lessons in negotiation 
Could be a fight over red-heads with  could be good. 
I will be live tweeting during tonight's  9 PM ET 
This Sunday's  will shock you! Big Development...Be sure to tune in on  this Sunday at 9PM EST!
In the 1920's people were worried about global coolingit never happened. Now it's global warming. Give me a break!
According to  the War on Terror is over  
With today's struggling job numbers
Welcome to the  recoverythe labor force participation rate is at a NEW 30 year low of 64.3%  The new unemployment numbers are terrible. 522
Mariano Rivera
Derek Jeter is playing phenomenal baseball. He is a total winnerand also a great guy. 
I'll be on  on Monday at 730 AM...
Photo from yesterday's USGA announcement that Trump National Golf Club Bedminster will host the 2017 U.S. Women's Open- Fracking will lead to American energy independence. With price of natural gas continuing to drop
Congratulations to the  on taking a 2-1 lead over the . Great game last night!
We will never cut spending until we actually work off of a budget. The Democrats haven't passed one in over 3 years. What a joke.
Now  is praising China's cooperation in negotiations over Chen Guangcheng The rolling average of jobless claims is the highest in 5 months 
The economy will come back
WRONG! capitulated to China by releasing Chen Guangcheng out of the US Embassy Snowboarder/Skateboarder _White stopped by to visit this week....

When will  release his college and law school transcripts?

My friend Ronald Kessler explains in  that Secret Service problems are much bigger than prostitutes Orders for U.S. factory goods in March record biggest decline in 3 years The new Dark Knight Rises Trailer is great  Editorial by  in the DailyCaller Defending Innovation in America My interview with  discussing 's  and my endorsement of  China's leadership is sneaky and underhanded
Here's the deal when your secretary of defense tells you that your proposed cuts will erode America's military (cont) America's debt crisis is our country's greatest challenge. Spending must be curbed for our long term fiscal future.
Bad move- released $147M in aid to the Palestinians The EPA official who wants to crucify gas companies resigned  is a superb businessman and a world class CEO.He has built a tremendous empire and is certainly fit to run his corporation.
My  interview discussing 's 
My  interview discussing 's 
The innocent bystanders of American poverty are kids. Yet two-thirds of childhood poverty in America is (cont) Our Founding fathers got it. They understood that nothing good in lifereligious freedom
Heres a great video of the official launch of my new fragrance   Herald Square Guess which POTUS has held more fundraisers than the previous 5 combined? The Federal Government is teaching citizens 'Financial Literacy' while it is running $16T in debt Chinese spies stole our F-35 Joint Strike Fighter design Barack Obama's delivery on Saturday night was excellentcute mention of Trumpand I am flattered to be mentioned. 
Good Morning America is thrilled  is working for the that means almost guaranteed success for 
He  is bad
Rosie O'Donnell should leave Lindsay Lohan alone has bigger problems than Lindsay. Lindsay's mother called my office for help
My  interview where I discuss fixing the economy
Tomorrow is  on  730 AM EST. Always interesting.
 Heres a photo from my appearance at 's Herald Square with  Wind turbines threaten the migration of birds Claims for unemployment are at a 3 month high The Obama's Spain vacation cost taxpayers over $476K In this book
Be sure to tune in to another amazing episode of  this Sunday on  at 9PM EST! This Sunday's (cont) The EPA is caught saying that their philosophy is to crucify oil companies Admiral McRaven had full operational control of the Bin Laden mission I'm sick of always reading about outsourcing. Why aren't we talking about 'onshoring' or 'insourcing?' We need (cont) I have never been a fan of John Edwards but it is time for the gov't to focus on more important things. 
I wonder why  is now spending $8B to postpone Obamacare's Medicare Cuts until after the election? Standing on what will be the greatest golf course in the world. Opens July 10th. The economy is expected to slow down once again at the end of the year Still a buyer's market. Residential home sales fall 7.1% in March. He  believes that the War on Terror is over Congratulations to  on Tuesday night's sweep. He also delivered a 'Killer Speech'  Right now

The fact is
Demand by China continues to raise the price of oil Majority of Independents want Obamacare overturned Congratulations to the  on bringing the series home last night.
Made in America?  argues that his long form birth certificate is irrelevant in court.The Government spends 30% more than it admits  You can take the smartest kid at Wharton
I am enjoying my travels across Europe but home is where the heart is. Looking forward to coming back to the family in New York very soon.
I'm loyal to people who've done good work for me. 
American professors were in Tehran for an Occupy Wall Street Conference  just trashed the GOP and stood up for China on Sunday 69 Democrats voted in favor of the Keystone pipeline in the House this week Lucky to have been chosen for the purchase of the magnificent The Point Lake and Golf Club on Lake Norman in (cont) Not only are wind farms disgusting looking
More than anything else
Via 
Via _Biz
Just left Istanbul
Today I'm in Aberdeen
Recently opened - it's beautiful and here is a video of the ribbon cutting ceremony..  can get people back to work.
Tonights  will continue to impress. Be sure to tune in tonight at 9PM ET . It will be amazing.
My interview with  from the Olympics 100 Day Countdown in Times Square A bad manager such as  will continually be plagued by scandals.  I am in Istanbul
 The song Donald Trump hits 54 million views. - Where's my money? Dick Clark was a friend of mine
Don't be fooled. In 2008  promised immigration reform in his 1st yr of his 1st term. Now promising (cont) In today's  
RECKLESS!  has now increased the debt more than any other POTUS and the first 42 combined.  is rightthis election is about jobs Ted Nugent was obviously using a figure of speech
 signed a $70B budget which cut $140M in indiv projects Very proud to announce that Mar-a-Lago was awarded top Historic building in the state by the illustrious (cont)  has shown last week that he will campaign aggressively against . I am confident he can defeat .
I make no apologies for this country
My  interview discussing the passing of my longtime friend Dick Clark. Vanity Fair party at Tribeca Film Festival was a bust.
I knew disgusting and unwanted porn star  was a sleazebag the first time I met him. Thank goodness he was revealed (so to speak).
 ranked  among ABC 
By 's design

Vanity Fair circulation down 20 percent. My third rate stalker should start looking for a new job.
Obama's Secret Service catastrophe has openly revealed a great lack of respect for our President. If they (cont) Gloria Allred is always talking about me. She needs publicity. She is by far a better PR agent than lawyer.
Under 
Yesterday was 's favorite day of the yearhe collects our taxes to redistribute.
Our ally Canada is 'frustrated' by 's radical anti-gas policies Enjoyed watching  $ 's  special  over the weekend. (cont) While  watches
He  would do a great job on Saturday Night Live. 
Paul Teutul Sr. is a fantastic guy. Although I fired him on 
I have captured the smell of success. Meet me and the new Success  Herald Square April 18 530pm
My  interview discussing 's reckless spending
 Paul Teutul
Mike Bloomberg is doing a great job as Mayor of New York City. Ray Kelly is a great Police Commissioner. 
I'll be on tomorrow at 730 am 
Hear me on  now!
Find out what Success smells like. I'll be  Herald Square April 18 530pm to sign my new fragrance; first (cont) I will be at  Herald Square April 18 to sign my new fragrance
It will be interesting to see how Jenna Talackovadoes as Miss Universe Canada. We all wish her luck.
The FDA must immediately stop allowing massive dose vaccinations in babies. It is mind boggling that they allow this practice to continue.
Axl Rose should take his  honors and be happy. Stop the no induction nonsense. Do it for your fans .
Just left the best golf course in the State of California- . When in the LA area
Capitalism requires capital. When government robs capital from investors through high taxes
 who wants to raise all our taxes
If 's policies are so advantageous then why is he constantly invoking Ronald Reagan on the Stump? U.S. jobless claims are at a 2 month high.One of the simplest joys of life is golf. A great game to both play and watch.
Now 's Vice-Chief of Joint Staff is defending China while they cheat Many many people are thanking me for what I said about  & vaccinations. Something must be done immediately.
Many countries are cutting back
The Celebrity Apprentice delivers the goodsand the puppets Sunday at 9 pm on NBC I'll be on  at 730 AM Monday
Attention to detail is critical; choose scents that exude sophistication & confidence. Find out more 4/18
Excited to see that  has joined twitter. Melania and I are looking forward to hosting her next week (cont) He  handled the Zimmerman matter very well. I am glad to see there will be a trial. Justice. Now let's wait for a fair trial.
It's Thursday
Ive gotten many letters from people fighting autism thanking me for stating how dangerous 38 vaccines on a (cont) Beyond eliminating the wasteful spending
We just have to get tough
Look
I'll be on THe Willis Report   today at 5 pm EST
I developed the Wollman Rink under budget and in record time China attempted to sell embargoed computers to Iran He  is a successful entrepreneur.  successfuly ruined America's credit. Easy choice in November.
There can never be a sharp economic recovery until  is out of the White House.
The Fed should not do QE3. Neither the economy nor the dollar can withstand another round of artificial liquidity.
I'll be speaking tomorrow at the San Jose Convention Center (CA) for the first- ever National Achievers Congress 

Thousands of US warplanes
Watch 's Ready-To-Wear Fashion Show at  featuring  and ..... Good news did the right thing. I congratulate him on running a very good race. Now it's onto   go get him Mitt!
He  wants 23 years of 's tax returns He  is sounding more and more like a real team player...he is a really good guy!
Now they say obese women may cause Autism in children- nonsense
Thomas Kinkade died. I happen to love the beauty of his paintings. He took a lot of heat from art critics who (cont) I will miss Mike Wallace. He did a major interview with me for 60 Minutes and it was totally fair and balanced. (cont) Vanity Fair Magazine
 contestant  stopped by to visit today- Congrats to  on winning the Masters. He did it without heavy reliance on coaches and the other hanger-ons - he just played golf.
I made my decision to allow Jenna Talackova to participate in Miss Universe Canada two days before Gloria Allred (cont) Vote for Mar-a-Lago-  is divided into five sections. The second is the index finger which represents Focus-  has created more jobs in the private sector than  has as President. 's record (cont) $6 gas is coming sooner than later. America must become energy independent with our own resources and fast.Also
THe WH should not have hosted the Muslim Brotherhood. 's friends are enemies of the US and . The Islamist winter is here.
It's who wants to raise all our taxeswho applauds China for cutting their taxes! (cont) His 's budget interest payments to China will exceed US defense spending by 2019 The five fingers represent the five key factors every entrepreneur dreaming of success must master. (cont) Looked at plans for Trump Doral Country Club today. It will be amazing! Glad to be in Miami.
Proud to see my friend Governor Chris Christie standing up for Israel on his visit. Standing tall!
Arrived in Palm Beach
The Midas Touch hand is the ideal metaphor to represent the attributes critical to entrepreneurial success. (cont) The  Sunday night on NBC at 9 PM. Another exciting episode is ready to go. 

Don't miss me on  Monday at 730 AM
My book with 

While  criticizes the GOP budget
Oprah will end up doing just fine with her networkshe knows how to win. 
He  is now losing in the latest  to  in Pennsylvania Here's the deal when your secretary of defense tells you that your proposed cuts will erode America's military (cont) Here's the solution on China get tough. Slap a 25 percent tax on China's products if they don't set a real (cont) This is a great time for  to bow out with dignity.
My  interview discussing 's USC comments
My  interview discussing healthcare monopolies
Mar-a-Lago
Why gas prices will rise
I'll be speaking on Thursday
 doesn't believe in the Supreme Court or its powerI thought he was a constitutional lawyer. Why (cont) Remember what I said about  attacking Iran before the electionI hope the Iranians are not so (cont)  has a limited window to exit the race and to keep both his integrity and reputation...the time to (cont) He  made a deal with Saudi Arabia to pump the hell out of oil until after the election. Watch what (cont) My twitter account is now reaching more people than the New York Timesnot bad. And we're only going to get better!
 contestants  and  joined me for interviews today- China is our enemy. It's time we start acting like it and if we do our job correctly
Money was never a big motivation for me
Another solar company  funded with our money has filed for bankruptcy  He  said it would be 'unprecedented' if the USC rules that ObamaCare is unconstitutional. It was (cont) Real estate is always a great asset to own but especially now. Try to take advantage if you can and buy (cont) He  should not be trying to intimidate the USC justices on ObamaCare. He is worried because SG (cont) Life is very fragile and success doesn't change that. If anything
My   interview discussing golf
When people treat me badly or unfairly or try to take advantage of me
The best thing you can do is deal from strength
Chinese demand is raising the price of oil to$123/Barrel The  administration is far more enthusiastic about boosting food-stamp enrollment than about preventing fraud. 
What will be 's excuse tomorrow after  wins Wisconsin and Maryland? Time for Rick to face reality and drop out.
The US should not give a penny of foreign aid to Egypt if the Muslim Brotherhood takes over the country. We (cont) America's competitors love .  says  has been the best 3 years for Russia I'll be on  on Monday at 730 AM.
Be sure to download my new The Celebrity Apprentice app to begin interacting with this Sunday's episode Some exciting newsthe newest acquisition of Trump GolfTrump National Golf Club
He  wants record high gas pricesdrilling permits on federal land are declining under his regime  is a disaster. Despite the mandate there will still be 27M uninsured and premiums will rise at FASTER rate White House Press Sec. had a hard time explaining why  supported tax breaks for oil companies in (cont) I'll be speaking at the first-ever National Achievers Congress at the San Jose Convention Center (San Jose
Waste! With a $16T debt and $1T budget deficit
 studying ways to increase pressure on China over their currency manipulation and unfair subsidy practices It was great seeing  and  yesterday- A smart negotiator would use the leverage of our dollars
The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. 
I like thinking big. I always have. To me it's very simple if you're going to be thinking anyway
Don't forget the three hour episode of Celebrity Apprentice this Sunday night 8pm-11pm on NBC. You're in for a (cont) A study says  is out of controla 78% increase in 10 years. Stop giving monstrous combined vaccinations (cont)  doesn't look injured to me. Even if he's in a fight
Photo of  and me from yesterday's interview... Bad news for .  reports that the economy (71%) and gas prices (65%) are Americans' top (cont)  Biden is delusional. He is criticizing  on jobs.The Fed must be reined in. In 2011
In 2008  warned that electricity rates will necessarily skyrocket during his term. Mission Accomplished! 's endorsement of  shows that the GOP is coalescing to defeat .
He  received an early endorsement from the Soviet newspaper Pravda over  (cont) Liberals can hardly belileve itthey can't understand how health care costs could have risen so much when (cont) The House Republicans and Democrats are finally unanimous! Yesterday they voted down 's $3.6T budget (cont) Fans like winners. They come to watch starsgreat exciting players who do great
My  interview where I discuss the  USC argument
To have a government we can afford we need to eliminate the tremendous waste clogging the system. Almost every (cont) What's incredible is that  hasn't even kicked in yet and aleady it's doing tremendous damage. (cont) I wonder if  has promised Iran and China that he can be more flexible after his last election?
The Afghan Security Forces who we are training have killed 52 U.S. soldiers  is desperate. He is now saying that he wants to be 's VP. 
When  is not vacationing
Welcome to the 'Islamist Winter' - the Muslim Brotherhood is now taking over the Egyptian military and possibly (cont) Global warming has been proven to be a canard repeatedly over and over again. My  interview discussing interest rates
Alex Rodriguez should substantially reduce his salary from the Yankees in that he misrepresented his use of (cont) Behind the scenes photo of  and I filming an interview- I'll be interviewed by Greta Van Susteren  tonight at 10 pm ET on Fox.
Let's not get too excited about Monday's U.S. Supreme Court oral argument on  before the decision. No (cont)  - my description of  - Future President or POTUS 45 or 's Worst Nightmare
America's relationship with China is at a crossroads. We only have a short window of time to make the tough (cont) Sadly
Not his 'per se'? A Friday document dump shows  all-hands-on-deck as Solyndra collapsed Mar-a-Lago
ObamaCare is clearly unconstitutional. Hopefully the USC rules correctly but in the end repealing ObamaCare requires a political solution.
Whether 's plan is sound fiscal policy is not the relevant issue
When confronted
He  is caught on tape making election promises to  on missile defense and national security My  interview discussing the  acquisition of  and the timing of 's plan Trump Tuesday I'll be on  tomorrow morning at 730 AM. Be sure to tune in.
If we reelect 
With China beating us like a punching bag daily
If you are a young entrepreneur just entering the business world
He  is incapable of admitting that he is a complete and utter failure. He is 100% responsible for Solyndra.  is desperate. Now he is saying that he would prefer  over . (cont)  keeps taking credit for an increase in oil production. Of course his policies have nothing to do (cont) The Chinese want to steal our jobs and technologythat includes so called green energy which they make but (cont) I'll be on  Monday at 730 AM.
Don't forget to watch Celebrity Apprentice this Sunday night at 9 pm on NBC. You're in for a great show.


I am following the Trayvon Martin case carefully. It's a terrible situation that should never have happened. (cont) Congratulations to Woody Johnson and  on acquiring . is not only a winner but a leader. (cont) Happy Birthday to my legendary friend Aretha Franklin.
We have to get tough on China. For every one American child there are four Chinese. China is out to steal our (cont) The blatant waste of taxpayers' dollars doesn't bother Obama
The Saudis are taking credit for a meager 2% drop on crude Strangewhy didn't  hold any special event to celebrate the 2 year anniversary of ObamaCare? He  has as much chance of being the GOP nominee as  does of ever having a successful (cont) He  had another impressive win last night in Illinois. His delegate lead is insurmountable. It is (cont) My  interview discussing the GOP primary
They should seriously look into the moron George Zimmerman who shot and killed the 17 year old kid
Ron DeSantis
Played the Trump International Golf Club in Palm Beach last weekend. One of the best golf courses in the country. Perfect weather.
He  wants to decide what books people can read
Trump Tuesday on 
 should consider Gov McDonnell of VA
Just bought Doral Hotel &amp; Country Club in Miamiwithin two years it will be the best resort in the country.
I am deeply disturbed by what I have read in the case of . I support a full investigation and justice.
I am so glad  got fired by . Rosie is a bully and it's always nice to see bullies go down!
Why gas prices will cost  re-election pain-at-the-pump-not-good-for-obama Congratulations to  for being reckless. In his first 38 months in office the debt has grown at a rate that is unthinkable.
Why does  always have to rely on teleprompters?
America is mired in the longest job recession since the Great Depression.  can get us out of it. (cont) My  interview where I discuss  being canceled yet again and how she just can't make it on TV  My  interview where I discuss why  is an economic ignoramus and how OPEC is inflating gas prices. Give great credit to  for exposing the atrocities taking place in Sudan.
Rosie O'Donnell has failed again. Her ratings were abysmal and Oprah cancelled her on Friday night. When will (cont) Be sure to download my new The Celebrity Apprentice app to begin interacting with this Sunday's episode  fans watch today's  We should have gotten more of the oil in Syria
We don't always think of our presidents as jobs and business negotiators
If we keep on this path
Afghani soldiersthose on our sidekilled 7 Marines last month.  has wasted billions of our tax dollars on speculative green projects like Solyndra. He is an economic ignoramus.
Rising gas prices are causing a steep rise in consumer prices and will slow any future economic growth. It is a tax on all Americans.
I'll be on  Monday at 730 AM.  Be sure to tune in.
Barack Obama is hard at work today on his highest priorityhis reelection.  has 5 fundraisers in 2 cities.My  interview with  where I explain that we need to start using our own domestic energy resources.  is clearly not a team player. If he was
Be sure to watch  on Sunday night at 9 pm on NBC. Another great episode!

Once again
He  invited his top campaign bundlers and donors to the British State Dinner Last week was a first in  when I fired 2 celebrities at once. Wish I could FIRE ! (cont) I'm not a hunter and don't approve of killing animals. I strongly disagree with my sons who are hunters
The illegal immigrant crime problem is far more serious and threatening than most people understand. Along our (cont) When your secretary of defense tells you that your proposed cuts will erode America's military capability
The  administration now claims to have done everything to reduce gas prices SHOCK! ObamaCare will cost double what  promised  over $1.76 I commend  for defending the NYPD and Commissioner Kelly. The NYPD has done outstanding work in defending NYC from attacks.
 lost a big motion yesterdayshe is entitled to nothing. The show made hershe should have been happy.
The 2012 budget deficit is already $93 billion larger than earlier estimates  did well last night. He won 2/4 contests and earned the most delegates.  will be the nominee.Yes
In terms of energy
The day after  blocks a Texas voter photo ID law
 has won the most delegates
 doesn't have an answer for how much Americans should pay for gas  My thoughts on Afghanistan
My  interview discussing today's primary contests
My  interview from last Friday discussing the unemployment numbers
Trump International Hotel &amp; Tower New York-winner of  the Forbes Five-Star Hotel Award in 2009 through 2012. NYC's top cop acted wisely and legally to monitor activities of some in the Muslim community. Vigilance keeps us (cont) He  should get out of the race so Republicans can focus on .
Cadillac Championship at Doral a great successI just bought Doralit will be amazing. Cadillac a great American car.
His 's specialties? Vacations and campaigning. Jobs not so much!
Would anyone in the music industry treat a Democrat like this?  is being punished for his political views Doral Tournament was greatbest 18th hole in golf and a wonderful winner in 
Afghanistan is a total disaster. We don't know what we are doing. They are
China talks about the so-called carbon footprint and then
The US is stupidly closing all of its coal fired plants while at the same time we're selling our coal to (cont) Maniac Sergeant who went on a killing spree in Afghanistan must be punished
Pathetic  did not want to veto Keystone himselfso he lobbied the Democrats in the Senate to defeat it.Seems to be the next election must be about jobs and gas pricesnot birth control.
When I was 18
Personally
The Celebrity Apprentice

I'll be on  Monday at 730 AM
Coincidence? More than half of 's 47 biggest fundraisers have been given administration jobs. The only candidate who can get 1145 delegates is . The primary is over.
BarackObama set a record deficit last February - $229 billion while borrowing 42 cents of every dollar it spent.  is reckless.
The  recovery - US unemployment is 9.1%
My interview with  discussing 's Super Tuesday  and why  must be defeated.Excited by my acquisition of Doral Hotel & Country Club in Miamialready world class
Ray Kelly is the best Police Commissioner in NYC history. Keeping NYC safe thru vigilance. 
Getting China to stop playing its currency charades can begin whenever we elect a president ready to take (cont) That's what I find so morally offensive about welfare dependency it robs people of the chance to improve. Work (cont) America deserves a commander in chief who respects the challenges and realities our Armed Forces face in our (cont) He is a professional and true gentleman  is one of my favorite contestants from .
Gas is $6 already in California. Don' worry - 's Algae energy policy is going to pay major (cont) He  will lose a delegate in Oklahomahe only got 57% of the vote in the Democrat primary He  claims he does not want higher gas prices. That's not what he said in 2008  As an honorary Buckeye I want to thank the OH GOP primary voters for putting  over the top. It was a crucial win.
My interview with _Severin on behalf of  discussing why the GOP must nominate  My interview on  discussing why  will defeat  with a strong campaign. Happy and proud to help  win Ohio with robo-calls in pivotal Cuyahoga County
The military threat from China is giganticand it's no surprise that the Communist Chinese government lies (cont) While China screws us with every turn of its currency
Someone should ask  in today's press conference how he accumulated more debt in 3 years than the first 42 presidents combined.
He  promised to close Gitmo in his first year. It is still open 3 years later and about to get a (cont) Strong leader  Netanyahu explained at AIPAC the threat Israel faces from Iran's nuclear drive. He is (cont) He  is using the IRS to sabotage the Tea Party China is raising its defense budget by 11% Today will be a Super Tuesday for   he will win over 220 delegates from states across every region. He will be the nominee.
With respect to Iran
My  interview discussing why  is a great nominee
Americans understand that the US has a spending problem
A MUST READ! 's last articleThe Vetting
I fully support the 
Once again
Shock! Obamacare's high risk pool spending DOUBLED government estimates Dopey 
If history teaches us anything
The Chinese laugh at how weak and pathetic our government is in combating intellectual property theft. (cont) The real unemployment rate according to the CBO is 15% He made a great contribution to the press will be missed.
 claims that his Koran apology calmed things down  is rightthe Chinese have 'walked all over'  Imagine how much stronger economic shape we would be in if we made the Iraqi government agree to a cost-sharing (cont) Imagine how much money the average American would save if we busted the OPEC cartel. (cont)  should stop pressuring Israel against attacking Iran and worry how he will stop the Iranian nuclear drive. 
China is getting minerals from Afghanistan Gas prices are up 30 cents this month
After Super Tuesday
I loved being a surrogate on behalf of . I am glad I was able to help him win.
Ann Romney is a fantastic lady. She was great in thanking people last night! American corporations and entrepreneurs are masters of technological and business innovation
 seems to have no regard for how China is conducting massive industrial espionage against the (cont) 's Energy Sec. called for $7-$9 gas in January. Wish granted. ObamaCare gives free insurance to illegal immigrants. Yet  is cutting our troops healthcare.  (cont) He was quick to issue an apology on behalf of America to Karzai. Why won't he release the letter?  

America will have record growth and prosperity during his adminstration 's success in the private sector is a tremendous asset.
 My thoughts on gasoline prices skyrocketing...... The oil reserve is a strageic asset for a time of war and an embargo.  should open more land for drilling
Mitt's got it right 's attacks on 's pro-growth tax cut proposal are foolish.
My  interview from this morning discussing the price of oil
New York Times Apologizes to Donald Trump


If  Obama is really concerned about carbon emissions and air pollution
The fact is
The UK has run out of money and can't afford to borrow. It is time Republicans stop attacking each other and focus on . America cannot survive a second term.
It is time to get out of Afghanistan. We are building roads and schools for people that hate us. It is not in our national interests.
What America needs  follows in steps of Kemp and Reagan with pro-growth tax cut.
 is a moron who should have been pummeled by the weak and pathetic security person who stood (cont) For a country like China
While  is obsessed with 'green collar jobs
This is good news  is now leading in Michigan by 6 points according to  Pastor  must be released by Iran immediately. I applaud the  &  for issuing (cont) As gas prices keep rising
In 2008
My interview with Michael Patrick Shiels on WJIM in Lansing on behalf of  My  interview with  discussing the  and how to deal with Iran without using force   I'm on  every Monday morning at 730...
Take a tour of this amazing residence at Trump World Tower..... Clive Davis gave a great eulogy at my friend Whitney Houston's funeralabsolutely amazing!
Debbie Wasserman Schultz is hard to watch or listen tono wonder our country is going to hell!
Restoring American wealth will require that we get tough. The next president must understand that America's (cont) We are the greatest country the world has ever known. I make no apologies for this country
If China didn't play games with its currency and we played on a level economic playing field
HALF of Americans don't pay income tax despite crippling govt debt...

Irony!  was in Florida yesterday fundraising. Gas also rose to $6/gallon for Florida drivers yesterday. RT  Bike we built for . The gold flakes in the paint out in the sunlight looked amazing!  to  in  In 2008 You Called Me Really Conservative Iranian Pastor  has just been sentenced to death by the Mullahs because he is a Christian (cont) In last night's   proved once again why he is the steady conservative who can restore America's future.
My interview with _Media where I explain that gas is headed to $5
My robocall on behalf of  playing across the state of Michigan   America's relationship with China is at a crossroads. We only have a short window of time to make the tough (cont) We need to bring manufacturing jobs back home where they belong.  Rev. Graham made a critical point.  has turned a blind eye to the Christians being persecuted in (cont) He may be the worst reporter in all of sports  of . He gets away with murder and most people (cont) Now  wants us to believe the Republicans cancelled Keystone and are responsible for $4 gas. He (cont)  is having wonderful ratings once again.  & . I am very proud of this season.
 is a special player. He makes watching the Knicks fun. I think he can lead the Knicks far this season. As the 's took their 16th vacation this month
The more I get to know  the more I like him. He has the judgment and private sector experience America needs in the White House.
My interview with  on  on behalf of  discussing why Michigan needs to go for Romney. David Letterman's show has become so boring and mundane. Somehow
Right now we have a president and a Treasury secretary who shrug while China tears away hundreds of thousands (cont) Our President should stop trying to be an economist to the world and start fighting for our economy. Instead (cont) Iran's threats are no excuse for the 9 month high price of oil. OPEC is ripping us off while  watches. If the GOP will have any chance to beat  in November
As the nuclear crisis with Iran shows
Michelle Obama's weekend ski trip to

Foreigners slashed the purchase of US debt late last yearthe first time in over 2years. We must control spending. Mark my words
Watch  this Sunday at 9PM ESTon it has received many 4 star reviews.
Admitted's Treasury Secretary admitted that their 2013 budget does nothing to address America's (cont) Our ally Canada wants to send their oil down south to us.  is forcing Canada to send it west to China.
He  wrote a great piece on China My  discussing the  discussing the cast Don't forget! Sunday night at 9 pm EST on Celebrity Apprentice is back! Tune in for a great show. 
By raiding the defense budget to pay for his failed social programs
I've got news for President  America is not what's wrong with the world. I don't believe we need (cont) Government needs to stop pick-pocketing your wallet. Every time it does
Weakness is very dangerous  is going to unilaterally disarm our nuclear arsenal. America keeps the world safe!
Bush was called unpatriotic by  in '07 for adding $4T to debt  The Fed is considering issuing even more US bond debt into the market. Not good!
Gallup poll proves that 's regulation and Obamacare are stopping small business owners from hiring Yesterday China VP Xi stressed the benefits of trade with China to Congress RT   Trump 'Celebrity Apprentice' Season 5 is 'Tough

Old Post Office Building in DC will be a world-class Trump property. Honored to be doing this historic buildingWashington will be proud.
He  gets the China problem
Very successful fund raising for  yesterday. Good to see my friend Woody Johnson.
  You have to find a business that you love. That's number one. Success requires passion. Then keep your focus and never give up.
   Maybe they don't want to.
 Thanks
 No
Pat Caddell on Neil Cavuto tonight I've watched Donald Trump take on the issues of energy and he ties it to (cont) Canada's PM was in China last week brokering a deal to sell the oil  rejected in Keystone. Scenes from last night's episode of  where  and I visit the OCC HQ Wrong Policy  wants to cut defense spending by $487B while China is building their navy in the Pacific. The recession was made worse by . A $900Billion deficit is not getting better.
When the economy is bad
Iran's attack on Israeli diplomats is an attack on the West
 You'll have to watch to find out.
So  had another game winning shot last night. Looks like the Knicks have not only found a new point guard (cont) RT  Polling shows the  movement could still nominate a viable independent with a chance of victory...
_trot_1  I was in my twenties.
 I like to invest in what I know
  I don't think it has run its course. There are opportunities. Finding them and maximizing them are key components for success.
  My agenda is such that I can't meet with you
_Joey  That could be a possibility but there are no plans at the moment. This season of Celebrity Apprentice is greatbe sure to watch.
The final part of restoring fiscal sanity to America is the most obvious
China is our enemy. It's time we start acting like it...and if we do our job corectly
So
A clip from my interview with  discussing the cast of  Season 5 Flattering. Over 500 upset people called Mar-a-Lago disappointed I am not running for Presidentbut Mitt Romney will do a great job.
America's primary goal with Iran must be to destroy its nuclear ambitions. Let me put this as plainly as I know (cont) We need a dealmaker in the White House
We need a president who is smart and tough enough to recognize the national security threat China poses in the (cont) In today's  I speak about the chopper recently made for me by ....

's budget funds the Arab Spring with $800B and the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt $1.3B in military aid. He loves radical Islam.
This is dangerous  is seeking to shrink Israeli military funding but gives $1.3Billion to Muslim (cont) A gallon of gas is $3.523 today and has never before risen so high early in the year So wrong!  is hosting China's VP Xi Jinping today at the Pentagon with a full honor ceremony with music and cannons...
A day after  released a trillion dollar budget deficit
Congressional Black Caucus Chairman Emanuel Cleaver is right. 's budget is a nervous breakdown on paper.A day after Greece burned  released a $3.8 Trillion budget for 2013 with a $900 Billion deficit.He will turn America into Greece
Watch Late Night with Jimmy Fallon on NBC at 1235 EST tonight-I'll be bringing a couple of surprises with me.
We need a tax system that is fair and smartone that encourages growth
Look
It's a plain fact free trade requires having fair rules that apply to everyone. (cont) Honored to have passed 1 million twitter followers. We are making America  again. 
This has to stop!  loves accruing American debthe missed his budget deficit goal by over $500 billion. My  interview discussing my friend Whitney Houston
Whitney Houston was a great friend and an amazing talent. We will all miss her and send our prayers to her family.
This week we saw what Obama Care actually does when implemented.  It is a losing issue for  and must be repealed.
 class warfare rhetoric is taking a backseat for the DNC convention.  He is charging $1 Million for a single suite.
The $25 Billion settlement with the banks on mortgages will slow the housing market down even more and create higher user fees. Stupid!
Our country is the greatest force for freedom the world has ever known. We have big hearts
As someone once put it
 will give a great speech at CPAC today. He understands the threat from China.
Obama doesnt respect the fact that the money he wastes belongs to us. He thinks that the wealth you create (cont)   interview with  discussing 
The fastest way we can start saving Social Security is to get Americans back to work.  (cont) The GOP needs to learn how to get tough and outnegotiate  and his big spending allies in (cont) Keystone must be approved. Oil is at a record high. We need to use our resources and support allies like Canada.
  Timing is important
The Church is yet another victim to his liberal agenda  lied to his Catholic supporters to pass ObamaCare.
Q/A   The secret behind my success is that I love what I'm doing. That gives me energy
The Fed is destroying the dollar. When inflation hits the economy then even more jobs will go overseas.
Q/A   Yes
Q/A   I receive a great many requests for interviews
Why should he? He's only the POTUSand  has no opinion on whether the Senate should pass a budget. 

Lawrence O'Donnell will soon have another cancelled show to go along with his three cancelled TV series
 Windfarms in today's video blog... My  interview with  discussing the 2012 GOP primary and ObamaCare's attack on the Catholic Church.  My  interview with  discussing 's electability and 's Senate loss.    My best secret for business is that you have to love what you're doing. You need passion. (cont)    Every citizen has the right to do political analysisand shouldas well as to endorse (cont) Who is the dumbest man on TV?  of MSNBC...  The best advice to a young entrepreneur is to read my book with Robert Kiyosaki
  I wear suits from the Donald J. Trump Signature Collection.
Jon Huntsman called to see me. I said no
Check out a picture of the custom made Trump Bike that Paul Teutul Sr. presented to me today in Trump Tower Government needs to stop pick-pocketing your wallet. Every time it does
 My thoughts on  in today's video blog... Getting China to stop playing its currency charades can begin whenever we elect a president ready to take (cont) I'm sick of always reading about outsourcing. Why aren't we talking about 'onshoring'? (cont) ObamaCare is an attack on our country's identity. The latest victim is the Catholic church. It must be full repealed. 
  I already have two great pilots.
  I have not met  but his song
Government dependency has surged over 23% since  has taken office.   Sorry
  I only require four hours of sleep per night.
 hard at work yesterday shooting a marshmallow cannon in the WH East Room while our country burns.  As a parent
Glad to see no charges against Greg Kelly. His accusers' charges never made sense!
I see my friend  is speaking at CPAC. Solid guy
_Drax  My first job was working for and with my father
  In answer to your question
  He's not a smart man. He is a poor journalist and he likes fabricating the truth all reasons why his ratings stink!
Eli Manning. Great Athlete. Great Guy.  great teamwork!
Why is  the only guy who talks about getting tough with China and their currency manipulation?
Many people have been asking me to answer questions. You can ask me questions at any time. 
Vanity Fair is failing. Newstand sales are down 20 percent2nd most for major magazines and the magazine has (cont) I see  poll numbers are improving. Good man doing a good job.
Many
I endorsed  not because I agree with him on every issue but because he will get tough with China.
Another  green car loan recipient is laying off staff. A record 1.2 million Americans have left the job force during 's recovery It's hardly any wonder that our country's manufacturing dominance has evaporated.   (cont) Destroying the world's finest health-care system so that  can have his socialized medicine program (cont) I believe  is manipulating the jobless numbers Tune in tonight at 1 AM EST to the QVC network to watch Melania Trump debut her first 2012 Melania Timepieces & (cont) My  interview discussing the Super Bowl
As China is building an air and naval force
The Prayer Breakfast was used by  to say that the Bible commands higher income taxes. That's not the way it is!
The economy is in terrible shape.  is manipulating the job numbers to hide the truth. He's saddled our children with more debt than we accumulated in 225 years in America.  has done an (cont) Not the world
So
My  Super Bowl commercial Congrats  on a huge NV victory. Lets make  a one term president To vote for me and CENTURY 21 for the best  commercial
 Vote for me and  Youre hired! The  ad is airing during the  and you need to get voting! Vote for me &  The CBO has predicted that unemployment will rise to 8.8% this next year. My  interview with  discussing why I endorsed  and why he will make a great President We have to combat the welfare mentality that says individuals are entitled to live off taxpayers. (cont) My  interview with  discussing my endorsement of  and how I came to my decision  My  interview with  discussing my endorsement of  and why he can beat  I watched  at the National Prayer Breakfast  and he looked totally uncomfortable with his words. (cont) The New York Times/Bill Carter/Sept.26
Sleepy eyed  thinks Las Vegas is a statesee  this morning.
I bet the dumbest political commentator on television
Watch my endorsement of . I will be making a major announcement today at 1230 pm PST at Trump International Hotel & Tower
I will be making a major announcement tomorrow (Thursday
 's dismal record in today's video blog.... He  wants to release 5 senior Taliban detainees back to the Taliban. His spending is reckless  will set a record fourth year of a $1 trillion budget deficit.   Shockingtwo of 's largest campaign bundlers are directly linked to Solyndra  The point is the Chinese are smartthey respond to economic pressure
America became a powerhouse because of our deep belief in the virtue of self-reliance.  (cont) A tough negotiator can make the Chinese back off. We've done it before.    I was on  this morning  My  interview with  discussing the national housing market
My  interview discussing building a cemetery next to Trump National
Great news that the New York Stock Exchange won't be owned by a German company. European regulators turned the (cont) Congratulations to  for an impressive win in Florida. He performed well under pressure.
Formerly of the New York Times
Keystone  MUST pass Keystone by linking it to another bill.  The banks need to start lending again otherwise the economy will continue its downturn. This is why we bailed the banks out!
The Muslim Brotherhood
A commander in chief has to possess the right instincts. That's one of the biggest problems with  (cont) What's incredible is that Obamacare hasn't even kicked in yet and already it's doing tremendous damage. (cont) It is simply immoral for the government to encourage able-bodied Americans to think that a life on welfare
My  interview discussing 's economic failures
My  interview discussing my possible GOP endorsement
All eyes are on Florida today. I will be watching the GOP primary results very closely. We need the right candidate to beat .
My appearance this morning on Good Morning America...

Today is a big day for us and for Toronto Trump International Hotel & Tower Toronto opens today. (cont) The Islamists are taking over Egypt through the election. Keystone must be approved through Congress.  is costing America over 20
The GOP primary is getting very nasty. The candidates need to remember that  is the main target. He must not be reelected.
Glad to hear Bella Santorum is recovering.  has a beautiful family.
The military threat from China is gigantic and it's no surprise that the Communist Chinese government lies (cont) Food stamps up 45%. Federal handouts up 45%. Is  happy? Check out this photo shoot video of 's Spring 2012 collection.... Another electric car firm that  gave $118M just went bankrupt. For those who missed my chat with  on radio
He admits his presidency has been flawed...but  claims economy is stronger. My interview with  discussing this season's 
He makes a mistake every hour
Watch the clip from my  Super Bowl spot on  tonight.
I've got news for President Obama America is not what's wrong with the world. 

Sadly
Its sadtruly sad and disgracefulthe way Obama has allowed America to be abused and kicked around (cont) Watch me on  tonight at 9PM ET on .
 Russian Ambassador stated that he supports universal values not American values (cont) Did you know that with the natural gas reserves we have in the United States we could power Americas (cont) We need more grown-ups in Washington
 SOTU claim that companies get tax breaks for moving jobs and profits overseas is 100% false  gave 1% of his income to charity from 2000 through 2004  SOTU ratings were down 12% from 2011 My  interview discussing  wanting me to run for POTUS
My  interview from earlier in the week discussing the GOP primary and 's electability Check out this great story from the ...  My thoughts on the State of the Union address
Last night in his SOTU
Keystone pipeline would create 20
After Solyndra
Notice how  failed to mention ObamaCare last night in his SOTU. Even he knows it is terrible.
For a president who likes to showcase how hip and tech savvy he is
Tom Brokaw keeps calling Mitt Romney George (Mitt's father). Sadly
All raising taxes on businesses does is force business owners to lay off employees they can no longer afford. (cont) People are smart. They know you can't be for jobs but against those who create them. It doesn't work. (cont) All I heard in the SOTU was proposals for more govt
My daughter Ivanka thinks I should run for President. Maybe I should listen. 

It is a shame Keystone wasn't powered by solar panels and wind because then  would have wasted billions on it.
A gallon of gas has more than doubled while  has been POTUS and he still won't approve Keystone.
It has been 1
Tonight in his SOTU
Capitalism requires capital. When government robs capital from investors
Look
Obama wants Americans to keep buying crude from OPEC who is ripping us off instead of our ally Canada through (cont) Iran is threatening to shut the Strait of Hormuz and  won't approve the Keystone pipeline. His energy policy makes America weak.
A tough week was had by
To the  administration
I have great respect for the people that represent China. What I don't respect is the way that we negotiate and (cont) While Obama is obsessed with green collar jobs
My _Media interview from Friday where I predicted that  in South Carolina would change the race.Congratulations to  on a stunning win in South Carolina. All eyes are on Florida now.
China has hacked another US government body. 
Canada will now sell its oil to China because  rejected Keystone. At least China knows a good deal when they see it.
Obama's new campaign ad defends Solyndra The White House should stop publicly pressuring Israel on Iran. Iran's nuclear program is the threat
In all my years in business and participating in politics I've never seen the country as divided as it is right (cont) We have a president who has a vendetta against businesspeople and considers them the enemy.   (cont) The law requires individuals pay 15% on carried interest. Why would a potential President pay more than he or she is supposed to?
The national debt continues to rise at record levels and today  is in Disney World. He lives in a fantasy.
When will  release his transcripts? What is he hiding?
Playing politics with the Keystone decision?  vetos 20
Texas is lucky to have him-  is a great guy!
Our country has a big heart. And it's a point of national pride that we take care of our own.  (cont) Conservatives have to be smart in the way we speak. Using crazy language that terifies seniors accomplishes (cont) A tough negotiator can make the Chinese back off. We've done it before.   Rick Perrya good man
My  with  discussing the Keystone pipeline
The problem is that we have a president who is more concerned with pursuing some sort of bizarre ideological (cont) China presents three big threats to the United States in its outrageous currency manipulation
Listen to my interview with  tonight at 10PM ET on .
 is unveiling a tourism plan in Disney World on Thursday.  asked Iran for our drone back. They are returning a miniature model. To state the obvious
Receiving  Lifetime Achievement Award & chairing  debut  on Jan.19  wont approve the Keystone Pipeline so Canada is now looking to sell their oil to China (cont) There are 11 more Solyndras in the  energy program I bought Tim Tebow's jersey and helmet at auction for a good cause- fighting breast cancer Get it straight Pakistan is not our friend. Weve given them billions and billions of dollars
 may have been a good community organizer
Rosie O'Donnell's show is dead- can't keep going for long with such poor ratings.  is a stone cold (cont)  The Republicans must defeat 
Newly released documents show Geithner to be laughing as the financial crisis loomed  The Republicans should NOT give  the authority to raise the debt another $1.2Trillion (cont) While  is slashing the military
For too long we've been pushed around
The American work ethic is what led generations of Americans to create our once prosperous nation. (cont) I love America. And when you love something you protect it passionatelyfiercely
Our Marines are sent to kill the Taliban not coddle them. USMC should be praised not investigated. Semper Fi !
Newt attacks on  record at Bain an attack on free enterprise and entrepreneurship. Mistake!
An Iranian nuclear scientist's car exploded in Tehran yesterdaylots of problems to come we need real leadership.
The US is always getting ripped off! China gets cheap oil from Iran and Iraq as US pays for Hormuz Patrols to (cont) With unempoyment over 10% in 2009
America deserves a commander in chief who respects the challenges and realities our Armed Forces face in our (cont) If you stop by Trump Tower (Fifth Avenue between 56th and 57th Streets) you can buy a pre-signed copy of .
51% of 's NH voters are satisfied with  as president   A real president should take pride in saving and spending your money wisely
President Reagan had it right Social Security is here to stay. We must root out the fraud and make it more (cont) OPEC has just raised oil to over $102/Barrel. And  still won't approve the Keystone Pipeline. Does he want high gas prices?
Why are we building a $1Billion embassy in Iraq when the country kicked us out
3 Chief of Staffs in less than 3 years of being President Part of the reason why  can't manage to pass his agenda.
New Hampshire has a major decision to make today. Hopefully we won't have to hear any more Mandarin spoken in future debates.
This is why  is a winner. He lays everything out on the field. He never quits and never gives up. That's why he is a success.
The damage that Democrats
We need a president who knows how to get things done
Restoring American wealth will require that we get tough. The next president must understand that America's (cont) My  interview with  where I discuss my potential GOP endorsement and the NH primary ObamaCare is such a national treasure that  has waived over 1
Why do you need a photo ID to buy a drain cleaner  
Priorities  wants to slash a Trillion dollars from military spending while raising the salaries of (cont) ???  held a raffle with donors for a lunch in the White House. The winners were conveniently all (cont) Sadly
Instead of creating new jobs
My  interview from this morning   Government needs to stop pick-pocketing your wallet. Every time it does
Be sure to watch my interview on  tonight!
AMAZING -  has actually found a government program he can cut in half - the Defense Department...bad (cont) Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery - Huntsman goes Donald Trump  Now  is planning to have we the taxpayers pay off mortgageshe will spend this country into the ground. Getting China to stop playing its currency charades can begin whenever we elect a president ready to take decisive action. 
If other countries benefit from our armed forces protecting them
People who have the ability to work should. But with the government happy to send checks
President 's vacation is costing taxpayers millions of dollarsUnbelievable!
China is driving the price of gold up in order to ease pressure against Iranian sanctions. The new season of the Celebrity Apprentice begins Feb. 12be prepared for the best season yet! If Americans understood just how many hidden government fees and taxes are absorbed into the prices of the (cont) Beyond simple justice
Obama's plan to have Russia stand up to Iran was a horrible failure that turned America into a laughingstock.  
My  interview where I reveal the new cast of Celebrity Apprentice and discuss the GOP primary field Iran has warned the US not to send an aircraft carrier back into the Strait of Hormuz. We should send three as a (cont) Michelle Obama likes to be addressed as Your Excellency.

Nobody cares about the Iowa straw poll is what  said yesterday. His problem is that nobody cares about his campaign (or him).
Celebrity Apprentice continues to be a top ten trend on twitter this morning Michele Bachmann just dropped out of prez race- when she didn't do the Newsmax debate it showed great disloyalty and people rejected her.
We left Iraq and it is quickly falling apartwhat a waste of lives and moneyand so obvious.
If history teaches us anything
I have so much admiration and respect for the 2.4 million men and women of our Armed Forces. 
Under President 
He should be ignored 's foreign policy is a dream come true for our enemies. He has zero chance to beat .
Michele Bachmann got less than 1
Congratulations to  for coming out of Iowa a winner!
Another  investment triumphthe $500Billion American funded Finnish plug in cars are all being recalled I am honored that Texas supporters have filed papers in Texas to create Make America Great Party on my behalf. He knows he won't have to spend much  has offered to match any donation dollar for dollar.
A good friend . More importantly she is a tremendous voice for policies that would put America on (cont) Michele Bachmann will finish dead last tonight in Iowa because she is disloyal and a terrible boss. Sadly
To have a government we can afford we need to eliminate the tremendous waste clogging the system 
The Wall Street Journal has reported that Obama's food stamp policies are ushering in a massive 'food stamp crime wave.'  Tough
The Democrats' solution is the same solution they have for everythingtax
I will be on the  tomorrow morning to make a major announcement about a television show. Stay tuned!
My  interview with  discussing the GOP primary
My  interview discussing the Make America Great Again Texas filing and the Iowa caucus The Washington Establishment will never rein in government spending
When will the US government finally classify China as a currency manipulator? China is robbing us blind and  defends them.
I play golf to relax. My company is in great shape.  plays golf to escape work while America goes down the drain.
NYC should hold a parade for returning Iraq and Afghanistan veterans.
I like Russell Brand
America wasted billions and precious lives in Iraq and Iran will soon take controlvery very sad.
I'm right
The Mar-a-Lago Club has the best meatloaf in America. Tasty. I predicted the 9/11 attack on America in my book The America We Deserve and the collapse of Iraq in .
Americans Elect on track to put an Indy Presidential candidate on the ballot in all 50 states.
He is destroying our country has requested to raise our debt limit to over $16.4Trillion by the end (cont) It's important that we help poor people to become independent
China has 5 oil projects in Iraq and we didn't get anything from the Iraqis except asked to leave. Iraq is going (cont) The Fed's reckless monetary policies will cause problems in the years to come. The Fed has to be reined in or we will soon be Greece.
What a convenient mistake  issued a statement for Kwanza but failed to issue one for Christmas. Vote for your favorite TRUMP HOTEL COLLECTION hotels in Travel + Leisures 2012 Worlds Best Awards Survey  tops  500 Best Hotels in the World! Congrats 
China is expanding its military bases abroad. We must expand our naval fleet. Now is no time for defense cuts. (cont) China hacked the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and now has the information of all 3 million members. China keeps (cont) The Keystone pipeline will create 20
Govt. collapsing in Iraq only 2 weeks after withdrawal of our troops. Sadly
The habitual vacationer
In order to preserve my options and guarantee that  is defeated
The Keystone pipeline will create 20
The safest way to preserve Medicare is with a robust and vibrant economy. We should lower corporate and capital gain taxes immediately.
A week after Biden says that the Taliban is not our enemy
Even if  stays in DC
Consider the fact that for every gallon of gas you put in your car
The thing about high corporate tax rates is that
We have a president who has a vendetta against businesspeople and considers them the enemy. Hes also (cont) My new book  is the best present of the holiday season. A great gift for anyone who cares about this country.
Less than a week after we leave Iraq
My  interview with  discussing how  is delusional and how a 3rd party candidate can win. Barney Frank looked disgustingnipples protrudingin his blue shirt before Congress. Very very disrespectful.
Congratulations to  for winning a spot on the California 2012 ballot. A major feat!   He is delusional  believes that he is the 4th best POTUS ever.
The WH yesterday defended Biden's comments that the Taliban aren't our enemy. When did the American people decide this? Obamacare has to be killed now before it grows into an even bigger mess
The sad truth is some Republicans in Congress are clueless when it comes to negotiation.  
I really enjoyed last night's Tele-Town Hall with 's Faith and Freedom Coalition. Thanks to the thousands who joined.
I still can't believe we didn't t take the oil from Iraq.
My interview with  discussing 
For last minute shopping
The average family has spent $4
Tom marbles in his mouth Brokaw once thanked me for the great success of the Apprentice for NBC. Now
Joe Biden said that the Taliban 'is not our enemy.' I wonder how our troops in Afghanistant that are under attack view Biden's statement.
What a shock! The U.S. Capitol Christmas tree pays homage  but failed to mention Jesus.
He thinks that the wealth you create belongs to the gov't.  doesn't respect the fact that the money he wastes belongs to us.
He thinks that the wealth you create belongs to the government doesn't respect the fact that the (cont) People who have the ability to work should. But with the government happy to send checks
When are we going to wake up and realize that we are funding our enemies?  
A great gift idea is my new book 
We're all proud of  for being on  30 Under 30 list. It's a plain fact free trade requires having fair rules that apply to everyone.

We need a tax system that is fair and smartone that encourages growth
China taxing imports from the US 22% why aren't we taxing China?
Dummies left Iraq without the oilnot believable!
Iraq in political turmoil one day after we leave-I told you so.
Congratulations to my son Eric for making the Forbes 30 under 30 list. He's done a great job!  Barney Frank admited that ObamaCare does have 'death panels' yesterday. Obamacare must be fully repealed or healthcare will be destroyed.
With a record deficit and $15 trillion in debt
My interview with Andy Dean on - I told him what I really thought about the  debate. I'll be on  with Andy Dean at 630 ET today talking about last night's  debate.  OPEC is setting crude at $94/barrel on 'signs US economy is improving.' OPEC uses any excuse to rip us off and our leaders just watch.
China just put a tariff on US cars and trucks22%China is laughing at our inept leaders. 
The lightweight
A total lightweight  continues to give the worst responses on China in the debates. I can see why (cont) Great  piece - ' What I've Learned' My interview with  in her  special 'Most Fascinating People of 2011' But maybe my biggest beef with Obama is his view that there's nothing special or exceptional about America. 
Your civil liberties mean nothing if you're dead. That's why the single most important function of the federal (cont) I believe this book will rock a lot of people. Don't just read  but share it with your friends and family! -RushLimbaugh
Thanks to everyone who has waited in the long lines at the  book signings. It is great to meet fellow patriots.
So biased  made 'The Protester' as the person of the year.  celebrates OWS but vilified the Tea Party last year.
This is what  thinks that America would be better off if we acted more like European socialist (cont) If speeches and memoirs created jobs then  would be Ronald Reagan.
 China is laughing.... Please send a psychiatrist to help 
More people attend a  rally than watch  on  all week.  is very lonely. (cont) With the number of tweets sad sack  has done
  will soon be off tv- bad ratings- he has a face made for radio.
Let me put this as plainly as I know how Iran's nuclear program must be stoppedby any and all means necessary. Period. 
It is great to meet fellow patriots at the  book signings. Can't wait to meet more today at Trump Tower from 12PM to 2PM
The first book signing at Trump Tower for  was so popular that I'm doing another one today from noon to 2pm/Trump Tower
Hope to see you tomorrow in Trump Tower (5th Ave betw 56 and 57)  I'll be signing copies of my book  from noon until 2 pm
The habitual vacationer
Iran is closing the Strait of Hormuz for a military exercise. Imagine what they will do with nukes?!
The Mullahs laughed when  asked Iran to return our dronethey will show it to China first.
We have to combat the welfare mentality that says individuals are entitled to live off taxpayers. 
It has been great to meet so many wonderful people in my  book signings. Anyone who wants to be Prez should read!
So
Read this about ...... My interview with  of  discussing 
My  interview with  explaining that I am keeping all my options available for 2012 Save your time  and focus on your horrible ratings
  you will never make it. You are not funny or talented.
 's show failed at 8pm and is failing(even worse) at 10pm- not long for tv.....
I feel sorry for Rosie 's new partner in love whose parents are devastated at the thought of their daughter being with a true loser.
My  interview with  discussing why I will not be moderating the Newsmax- debate Check out my new book  Time To Get Tough Making America  Again Thousands of e-mails from folks urging me to seek the Americans Elect Presidential nomination.
 Same last name
He says he will spend $1 B to get re-elected . I can match himpreserving my options.
I'll be signing copies of my new book  tomorrow at Trump Tower (5th Avenue between 56 and 57) from noon to 2pm.
Real unemployment is 20%. We must simplify the tax code and start making our own products again to bring our jobs back from overseas.
 NY Area- Two book signings- Tonight and Thursday.... Who handed Iraq over to Iran yesterday? . We have gotten nothing from the Iraqis we should have them pay us back with oil.
 Why I cancelled the great debate..... Don't forget my book signing tonight at Costco on 1250 Old Country Road in Westbury
The Mullahs are laughing at what they think is a very stupid president
Look
We need a dealmaker in the White House
Tonight I will be signing copies of  in Westbury at Costco
 sold out of  in the first week. More copies have been ordered for holidays. Don't worry.
My interview on  discussing 
A clip from my  interview discussing how  Newsmax- debate is determining the GOP primary polls  has accumulated more debt in 3 years than the first 42 Presidents combined. He is simply out of control.
Why did  let Iran keep our drone? Now it is going straight to the Chinese. He should have taken it out.
I was on a tele-townhall with  and hosted her 4 times in Trump Tower yet she declined the Newsmax- debate. No loyalty.
If these guys have any integrity they'd say no to MSNBC  a network that few watch and is very negative.  re debate.
My FoxBusiness interview with Don Imus discussing 
My  interview with  discussing the 2012 election and the Newsmax- debate Excited that 's Amy Kremer has endorsed the Newsmax-iontv debate. The Tea Party Express is a great group.
Why was the Hanukah celebration held in the White House two weeks early?  wants to vacation in Hawaii in late December. Sad.
Santorum calls Trump debate skippers hypocrites  Rick Santorum making a strong point on the Newsmax- debate . Iowa Congressman  has endorsed the Newsmax- debate. He has been doing great work in the House.
A  great crowd at Trump Tower for  book signing!
Excited that 's  Kremer has endorsed the Newsmax- debate. The Tea Party Express is a great group.
 The crowd at the book signing at Trump Tower in NYC right now... Yesterday I explained to  on  why  doesn't deserve credit for killing Bin Laden My interview on  with Jon Gambling discussing 
If the GOP Establishment really wants to defeat  then they should read .
 presents bold solutions on taxes
Looks like the line has started
Trump Tower is located at 725 Fifth Avenue
Be sure to stop by Trump Tower today  I'll be signing copies of my new book Time To Get Tough  from 11 am to 2 pm.
I'll be signing copies of my new book Time To Get Tough today at Trump Tower11 am to 2 pm. Hope to see you there. 
I'll be signing copies of my new book Time To Get Tough tomorrow in Trump Tower11 am to 2 pm. Hope to see you there.
Newsmax is a great news org and and its pres debate in IA on 12-27 will be fair
Newsmax is a great news organization and its pres debate in IA on Dec 27 will be fair
Why does  continue to defend radical Islam? He is calling the Ft. Hood massacre workplace violence.
You know what is the worst part of 's Tuesday speech playing class warfarewe paid for it with our tax dollars.
Jeffrey Lord
Happy to have  and the FFC's endorsement of the Newsmax- debate. FFC  is a great organization.
A clip of my upcoming interview with  discussing 
What is a bit appealing about this idea of Trump hosting a debate is
My  interview with  discussing the Newsmax- debate
Excited to have 's endorsement of the Newsmax- debate. Sarah is terrific.
My  interview with  discussing the Newsmax- debate
My  interview with  &  discussing the Newsmax- debate and    I will be signing copies of my new book TIME TO GET TOUGH tomorrow
My  interview duscussing my meeting with 
The Architect  is directly responsible for losing both houses &  becoming President. Ignore him.
Why is the GOP establishment so threatened by the Newsmax -  debate? More debate is always better.
Whether we like it or not
Get it straight Pakistan is not our friend. When our tremendous Navy SEALS took out Osama bin Laden
Canada's legal immigration plan starts with a simple and smart question How will any immigrant applying fo (cont) President Reagan put it best Welfare's purpose should be to eliminate
Call me old school
Forty -six million Americans-more than at any time ever in the history of this countrynow live under the poverty line. 
Illegal immigration is a wrecking ball aimed at US taxpayers. Washington needs to get tough and fight for W (cont) Did you know that one of seven Americans is now on food stamps? Think of it. In the United States
All this from a guy who lectured Americans about tightening their belts  bashes rich people an (cont) RT _Media Trumps Warns of Obama Tipping Point that May Destroy America  I'm sick of always reading about outsourcing. Why aren't we talking about onshoring? We need to bring manufa (cont) First there was the Declaration of Independence
Met  at Trump Tower today. He's a big thinker.
 Making America  Againmy new bookavailable today.   The book both China and OPEC do NOT want you to read.
When it comes to China
We are building China's wealth by buying all their products
My new book tells some harsh truths and lays out some bold plans. Time for America to be  again.  
Here's my message to  America is a capitalistic country. Get over it and get on with it!  
Don't forget next Friday December 9th I'll be signing my new book  in Trump Tower from 11 a.m (cont) The new job figures don't include 315
He ruins the brand  doesn't belong on  . As CM for Mondale in '84
If The Art of the Deal is a must read then  is my opus.  It is available Dec 5th!
Meeting Former Speaker Newt Gingrich next week. On the Agenda-defeating .
Why doesn't OPEC lower the price of crude to help avert the European crisis? Crude keeps rising during the dow (cont) The worst employee in today's ... The Fed continues to recklessly flood the market with dollars. This will eventually create record inflation. It has to stop. 
He ruins the brand  doesn't belong on . As CM for Mondale in '84
A special message to the staff of  in celebration of the 2nd anniversary.... When it comes to China
Fitch has downgraded our credit outlook to negative. Why? 's failure to lead with the Super Committee. The unemployment numbers released later this week will show no job growth.  We must start making our own products again. .
China is so brazen that they now give us economic advicethey tell us  what to do-much like a strong stockh (cont) Newly released emails prove that scientists have manipulated data on global warming. The data is unreliable. Unbelievable how he gets away with it   is flying around on Air Force One
The habitual vacationer  has campaigned on our dime more than any previous president in history (cont) It's inconvenient and inconsiderate  is doing a fundraiser tonight
  is very inconsiderate... America's trade deficit with China is one of our greatest national security threats.  Time for Fair Trade. We must produce our own products.
The banks were bailed out by us. They should start lending to private entrepreneurs. The banks are slowing American growth.
My  interview from yesterday In order to get elected
Iran's continued public threats of annihilating  are unacceptable. Iran's nuclear drive must be stopped. 
The CBO has confirmed that 's stimulus crowds out private investment while not creating any jobs.  Real unemployment is at over 21%. Businesses won't hire until  is defeated in 2012. 
My new book Time To Get Tough will be out Dec 5th. Solutions you won't hear from the politicians. The bes (cont) I will be signing copies of my new book
Third quarter GDP was lowered to 2% . There won't be any economic recovery until  is defeated.
Why does  support the radical Islamists in Egypt protests yet has such a high disregard for the Tea Party?
Washington will continue to run record deficits into the election. We are borrowing at a rate of $1.40 from China. Truly unsustainable.
Iran will soon take all of the oil in Iraq...and Iraq itself-Keep the oil.
Once Iran has nuclear weapons
The failure of the Super Committee shows Washington has truly incompetent leaders. 
ObamaCare does indeed ration care. Seniors are now restricted to comfort care instead of brain surgery. Repeal now! American sanctions alone cannot stop Iran's nuclear driveand  cannot get China and Russia to agree on new Iranian sanctions.
In my new book  I make a full financial disclosure detailing my net worth.  Congratulations to 
I dictate my tweets to my executive assistant and she posts them. Time is money-The Art of the Deal.
Why are we giving China foreign aid? Couldn't the Super Committee have agreed to at least cut that outlay? 
The habitual vacationerspent 9 days before the critical Super Committee deadline traveling.  He failed to lead
As of September 30th
Yesterday  actually spent a full day in Washington. He didn't campaign
My  new book   out Dec 5th  outlines how to make America rich again. Order now through Amazon  My   interview from yesterday discussing how  failed to show any leadership on th (cont) Egypt is turning into a hot bed of radical Islam. The current protest is another coup attempt.  We should never have abandoned Mubarak.
The House's failure to pass the Balance Budget Amendment was another unforced error by the GOP. Very disappointing.
When the Super Committee fails
If  wanted the Super Committee to succeed
China's economy is now projected to overtake the US as the world's largest economy by 2027 The Super Committee is finding ways to raise all our taxes without admitting it. The Republicans made a big mistake agreeing to this deal.
ObamaCare is one of the greatest threats our country faces.  It is unsustainable and will lead America into complete insolvency.
Why is  delaying the sale of F-16 aircraft to Taiwan? Wrong message to send to China. 
Washington is simply incapable of any moderation because  is such an extreme leftist.  He must be defeated. .
Made in America?  called his 'birthplace'  Hawaii  here in Asia.    Regardless of the USC's ruling
China is complaining about 2
The stimulus is a net negative effect on the growth of GDP over 10 years as admitted by 's own CBO  faces an existential threat in Iran's nuclear drive. Unfortunately  is no friend of Israel.
The Federal deficit crossed $15Trillion
Crude has skyrocketed since  delayed the Keystone Pipeline. Not only are 20
The Federal government  has increased its employment by 12% since 2007. We need to stop replacing retired workers unless position is needed.
Crude is at $100/Barrel. With the current state of the world economy
In the span of two months 
My new book
When mistakes are made
Waterboarding KSM gave us the intelligence that lead to Bin Laden.
Reporter should resign  has increased the EPA budget by over 150%.  The EPA is an impediment to both growth and jobs.  It sends jobs overseas.
The Supercommittee is a disaster. The Republicans made a crucial mistake agreeing to this debt deal. They hat (cont) My interview yesterday with  discussing the failure of the Super Committee and GOP 2012....  has already added $5 Trillion to the national debt in less than 3 years. We must defeat him in 2012. 
Fewer Americans are now insured through their employers due to higher premiums. Obamacare must be fully repealed.  delayed the Keystone pipeline decision until 2013.Now Canada is looking to export more oil to China. Americans who can afford to buy enough food is now at a 3 year low.Is this  recovery? 
 will attack Iran in the not too distant future because it will help him win the election. If the (cont) Watch What's America Worth?
 made a campaign decision on delaying the Keystone Pipeline to 2013.The pipeline would lower oil prices and create jobs.
October has a 7% foreclosure increase last month. Is this  economic recovery?
2012 is the most important election of my lifetime.  must be defeated.
To the brave men and women
The Arab Spring has turned into the Islamist Winter.  Our ally  is in a perilous position.  We must stand behind .
My interview with  discussing 
My thoughts on Joe Paterno and political analysts in today's ... The death tax should be abolished  the Government is  simply taxing you twice. It is also a job killer.
The Debate
Solyndra's government loan and subsequent bankruptcy  prove that  is both corrupt and inept.
The Fed should not bail out the EU.  Europe's financial mess is their problem
Herman Cain handled the pressure of the debate really well.  
Rick Perry is a good guy who had a really tough evening.  
Mitt Romney did great in the debate last night.
The Fannie and Freddie execs should not get million dollar bonuses with our tax dollars. They were bailed out with $169B of our money.
China is advocating on behalf of Iran's nuclear program  the Chinese oppose both sanctions and any militar (cont) He is out of real solutions's job bill is nothing more than a tax increase.
The  will fail. The Republicans never should have agreed to the debt deal.
Instead of trash talking  on the world stage
America should not be pressuring  to show restraint against Iran. We should be working to stop Iran's nuclear drive.
Some  protesters are sincere people frustrated with the systemothers just in for the party.
Our deficits are caused by runaway spending
The Federal government spent over $3.7 trillion last year. This is unsustainable and a true danger. The American dream is being destroyed.
 The White House Correspondents' Dinner in my new book Time To Get Tough.....watch the - A record high 6.7% of Americans are living in extreme poverty. This is tragic.  We can do better.
Reporter  is one boring and low vision guy!
China 'scorns'  US cyber espionage chargesChina does not respect us  See what I have to say about the Occupy Wall Street protestors in today's .... Iran's quest for nuclear weapons is a major threat to our nation's national security interests. We can't allow Iran to go nuclear.
Malfeasance at Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac helped cause our current financial meltdown.
My interview on  discussing the economy and  Witch Hunt Watch my interview with Greta Van Susteren  tonight on Fox News at 10 p.m.
The Oil Companies collude with OPEC to keep oil artificially overvalued. They need to be reigned in.
The greatest threat to our security is our debt. It is already past 100% GDP. We need to make real budget cuts.
The economy won't fully recover until   is fully repealed. It is a job killer!
Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood just made its first visit to Hamas-led Gaza. Why did  promote the Arab Spring?
Why is  letting the Taliban know when our troops are leaving? The   must cut spending
Another company that the DOE has given money to just filed for bankruptcy. This is how the money we borrow at 40% from China is wasted.
Is Jon Stewart a racist? See video that includes clip... The Republicans never should have agreed to this past summer's debt deal.  Military cuts will now come along with tax increases.
THe Chinese military is already hacking our satellites It snowed over 4 inches this past weekend in New York City. It is still October. So much for Global Warming.
The Al Qaeda flag is now flying over Benghazi.  spent over $3Billion of our money for this?
Is Jon Stewart a racist? See video- Bernie Madoff and Tony La Russa in today's ...  Our economy cannot stay competitive with policies like these  is proposing over $90 Billion in new regulations.
ObamaCare contains marriage penalty taxes. Why should married couples be penalized for having healthcare?
My interview from last night with  discussing OWS  My interview yesterday with  discussing Europe's debt deal and the GOP primary   The US Air Force won the war in Libya to clear the way for Islamic Extremist control of Libya.
Our worst threat to unemployment is .  It will also destroy our country's basic standards.
When will our nation's sacrifices  be respectfully appreciated? Iraq and Libya should reimburse us in oil.
The Debt is our nation's greatest threat.  is out of touch.
Watch me tonight at 9PM ET on 
Why aren't we getting any oil from Iraq before we leave? We are leaving the country wide open for Iran. Big mistake.
When will Washington stand up to China. China is manipulating its currency and stealing our jobs. Washington should move on legislation.
I am happy to see the majority of the GOP candidates agree with me that the tax code must be simplified and the rates dropped.
My  interview last night with  In response to 
Read this about .... I heard
THe 2012 election is the most important in my lifetime. We must nominate a candidate who will win and will roll back 's damage.
Stop calling my office to do your show
Why does the federal government send foreign aid  to China? Unbelievable! Washington is financing America's de (cont) Please only respond by tweet  because like everyone else
Does  ever work? He is constantly campaigning and fundraisingon both the taxpayer's dime and time-not fair!
I only go on shows that get ratings
Printing money is neither a short or long term solution to our country's economic woes. The Fed is destroyin (cont) Libya is adopting a more radical form of Sharia Law now under their new leadership. Is this what  wanted?
So much for creating American jobs gave $529 Million to a Green car company-so they can be manufactured in Finland.
The job plan by  is nothing more than a second stimulus. The first failed and so will this one.
See what I have to say about Iran and Iraq in today's ... We are leaving Iraq after expending a tremendous amount of blood and treasure. We should be reimbursed with oil!  Don't give it to Iran.
The Dollar is at an all-time WWII low against the Yen. The Fed's recklessness is going to lead to record inflation.
Why do we continue to sit idly by while China steals our national security and corporate secrets? China is an enemy
The Misery Index is at a 28 year high.
Why did  liberate Libya and do nothing for the Iranian protestors? Iran is a threat to our national security.
A simplified tax code will help promote growth in the private sector.
Why did we spend billions of our money on Libya if we are not going to get any of the country's oil? What do we get out of this?
Why is  crude oil priced at $86/Barrel?  OPEC is  ripping us off. Not worth $30/Barrel.  America needs new leaders.
My thoughts on Gadhafi's death
The OWS protesters are doing nothing to advance the interests of the 99%. Time for them to go home!
 claims that all his choices were the right ones. I am sure the 20% of Americans who are unemployed disagree.
Bob Beckel
Sometimes understanding other people's problems is the key to finding opportunities.   Midas Touch w/
America needs to rebuild our infrastructure. Why are we sending trillions overseas when our own roads
We must stop outsourcing our jobs overseas and end our multi-billion dollar trade deficits.
My beautiful wife Melania will be appearing on QVC this evening from 8 to 9 pm.
Both  and China have embraced OWS. All want the decline of America. Time for the protesters to go home.
My thoughts on 's campaign.... My  interview last night on  discussing OWS and  's incompetent leadership.  Our country is blowing up and  is out campaigning.
Everyone makes mistakes
Iraq's government is treating us like fools. We should demand their oil.
If ObamaCare is not repealed then we can expect stagnant growth
Now China is publicly supporting the OWS protests  Watch  tonight on his show
Iran was planning to attack the Israeli and Saudi DC embassies. We should respond accordingly. The diplomatic  window is closed.
 is holding Taiwan's request for 66 advanced F-16's. Wrong message to send to China.
It is time for Iran to face serious consequences. This regime is a threat to our national security.
Late last Friday  announced his 2011 budget deficit  was $1.299 trillion  the second largest in US history.
 Stop The China Curse - Pass the China Currency Bill!
Happy to have passed 800
Why is  always campaigning or on vacation?
My new book Midas Touch in stores now.... China's military buildup is a major threat to the Free World. We must remain resolute and maintain our national defense at all costs.
Be sure to watch my wonderful wife Melania Trump tonight on  at 1AM EST
More questions answered... Check out the  to see the answers to your questions... If the Wall Street protesters are upset about the economy then they should really be protesting  at the White House.
Stop The China Curse  Pass the Chinese Currency Bill!
My  interview on  discussing The China Curse Tweet me your questions to answer. 
Tune in tonight to Greta van Susteren's  show
Mitt Romney is right about the Chinese rip-off of America.
The debate was very interesting last night. There were numerous winners and Governor Romney did very well.
When will  release an actual budget?
I don't want to be the only billionaire in America-I want all Americans to be rich.
If the Prez wants to create jobs talk to some business people-not liberal intellectuals.
The only way to spread economic growth is to lower taxes and end unfriendly regulatory practices.
The Fed's reckless monetary policy is going to create record inflation.
New study shows 80% of Congress have no business experienceit shows!
A guy named  on FOX
I have traveled the world. America is the most beautiful country on Earth.
The only job  cares about is his own. Everything he does is for his own reelection.
When will we stop wasting our money on rebuilding Afghanistan? We must rebuild our country first.
The GOP primary schedule is a disaster. Not enough time.
A-Rod is a less than average baseball player now that he is unable to use drugs. A-Rod misrepresented to th (cont)  is trying to pass another stimulus after the first was a complete failure. Does he really believe we are that stupid?
Why is the UN condemning  and doing nothing about Syria? What a disgrace.
In order to save Medicare and stop record premium increaseswe must repeal ObamaCare.
Washington is wasting over $2 billion this year on Solyndra type loans. Yet they want to cut military spending.
China is threatening Washington over the currency bill.  We should pass it immediately.
 sold guns to the Mexican drug cartels.  They were used in the murders of Americans . Where is the outrage?
 now says  that he is an underdog in 2012. America should be so lucky. We still need a solid candidate.
Our national debt has grown by 30% and a gallon of gas has doubled so far under . He is a disaster.
The Democrats in the Super Committee want to raise taxes first in deficit talks. Huge mistake. Cut wasteful spending first.
 released documents late last Friday proving his administration was directly involved in sellin (cont) Great meeting with  yesterday in Trump Tower. Great guy!
Looking forward to visiting the Trump Vineyard Estates today in Charlottesville
Great article in  -  the original apprentice  I was on  CNN last night with .
Watch my interview with Greta Van Susteren  tonight at 10 p.m. on Fox News.
It's about time Italy recognized the innocence of -great news!
Looking forward to speaking at  next week in Atlantic Canadamy first time ever.
My book
  cast is set-the best we've ever had. Shooting starts in 2 weeks-airs  in February.
 has done nothing to help .
 is innocent.  Italian government should pay for this travesty.
Sadly
The unemployment numbers are tragic. We are letting the world take our jobs.  It has to stop!
 said yesterday that we have gone soft. How can the world respect us when our own President doesn't?
How many  more billions of dollars will  continue to waste in these solar companies?
Everyone should boycott Italy if Amanda Knox is  not freed-she is totally innocent.
 called to set up a meeting. Haven't returned his call.
 is actually right for once  Biden Voters should blame Obama
My interview yesterday with   I'm thrilled to announce that my new tailored clothing line has officially launched at Macy's. In business it' (cont) A simplified tax code would spur economic growth and help create jobs. Unfortunately
The only way for Medicare and Social Security to remain solvent is if our economy is healthy.  doesn't get it.
The Iranians have just threatened to send warships to our coasts. They laugh at us. We can't allow them to develop nuclear weapons.
The Fed's reckless policies of low interest and flooding the market with dollars needs to be stopped or we will face record inflation.
China does not negotiate from a position of strength
My  interview from yesterday discussing my recent meetings in Trump Tower and also   Really bad ratings  for Lawrence O'Donnell on MSNBC-O'Reilly is killing him!
 has zero chance of getting the nomination. Whoever said I wanted to meet him? Time is money and I don't waste mine.
The  Golf Invitational featuring a performance by  was a great event. Enjoy the video.... When will  present an actual budget? Enough with the games.
Sleepy Chuck Todd of NBC falls far short of the late great Tim Russert.
China is stealing our jobs. We need to demand China stop manipulating its currency and end its rampant corporate espionage.
Great interview in  of   He makes me proud.  ObamaCare must be completely repealed. A recent report from UBS shows that it is the number one reason employers are not hiring.
My interview from yesterday with   Happy New Year to all my Jewish friends.
Our economy is struggling and OPEC continues to rip us off. Output is low and the price is too high.  They ar (cont) It seems  had our tax dollars buy guns for Mexican drug lords that were used to kill Americans. We need answers now.
A great interview of  in the  globeandmail on Trump Tower Toronto My   interview with  yesterday discussing by meeting with    My  interview from last night with  discussing yesterday's meeting with   My  interview from yesterday with  discussing the economy
ObamaCare is a major threat to America's entrepreneurial spirit and competitiveness. Small businesses will b (cont) Our country's debt crisis cannot be solved by tax increases. We must cut government spending.
Obama Cares taxes vest in 2014. Conveniently after the 2012 election. Coincidence?
OPEC is ripping us off on oil. We are ripping ourselves off by investing in unproven green energy. 
Our deficit spending is Chinas gain.  is bankrupting our country.
I couldn't make the Faith and Freedom confab in Orlando so I sent a video... Now is no time to cut military spending. We must remain strong. Our enemies are looking for weakness. I'm i (cont) Government waste
 is doing a great job on completing our new Trump Winery in Virginia.
's Jobs Plan sure looks like a Tax Increase Plan to me.
Australia is a beautiful country with terrific people who love America.
China is neither an ally or a friendthey want to beat us and own our country.
Our next President must stop China's Rip-off of America.
Just finished speaking in Sydney
Rick Perry is right when he says we must stand by Israel in the UN.
ObamaCare will destroy small businessthe backbone of America's economy.
If you're going to thinkthink big - The Art of the Deal
Sorry I will miss the CPAC gathering in Orlandothere in spiritObama must go.
's method of spending the stimulus  Obama fundraiser linked to loan program that aided Solyndra  I find it really hard to listen to 's speeches. He doesn't have a clue.
It  seems there is never a problem for which  cannot find a reason for another speech and another tax.
My interview which recently aired on CNBC's Squawk Box   How will raising taxes create jobs? Washington is all out of answers. New leadership is needed.
I am increasingly concerned with the UN's ploy against  this coming week and will monitor all events closely from Australia.
Watch my latest appearance on Squawk Box .... If China had a tenth of the natural resources we do then they would already be energy independent. Instead we continue to buy oil from OPEC.
My thoughts on the Emmys in today's .... It  doesn't cost any money to think bigger.   The Art of the Deal
-great job on Solyndra. You are some extremely skilled venture capitalist. Stick to the memoirs and speeches.
  honored and excited to be listed on . Thanks. BTW  where are the jobs?   Donald.
I applaud  for announcing that he will show up at the UN to defend . A true US friend and great leader.
We can create jobs in the American economy by protecting our own manufacturing sector.
Can you imagine if  had passed Cap and Trade?!  Energy costs would be double from already record highs.
The Solyndra Scandal's $500Million photo op. He loves wasting our money.
My  interview last night on   On 2012  I'll Wait and See   Had dinner with  last night-great guy
Third Gun Linked to 'Fast and Furious' Identified at Border Agent's Murder Scene. When will the White House come clean?
's job bill contains the word 'Tax' over 330 timesthat will sure work!
My interview yesterday with  where I discuss Dick Cheney and China  Bob Turnergreat guy
I'm looking forward to seeing you all this afternoon at Macy's Herald Square.  530 pm at the Crystal department on 8.
 will hear loud and clear today the message NY-9 is sending by electing    is our friend and ally.
We should immediately close all tax loopholes that favor foreign investments and taking our jobs overseas t (cont) I'm very proud of my new crystal collection. Here's a sneak peak of my favorite collection Elmsford  The White House is continuing to be openly uncooperative with the Fast and Furious investigation. American lives were lost. We need answers.
The Eric Trump Foundation Golf Invitational benefiting St. Jude Children's Research Hospital is todayand i (cont) How can the economy ever recover when  keeps threatening the private sector with more taxes. This is no way to spur growth.
I'm urging my friends in Brooklyn to vote for Bob Turner tomorrowsend  a message.
Friends in NY-9
The American economy would grow if Washington didnt keep threatening higher taxes and more regulations. Government is not the solution.
My thoughts on  in today's .... Watch the 2011  Pageant tonight at 9PM on NBC... The World Economic Forum now ranks the US the fifth most competitive economy in the world. We have fallen from first under .
Irans nuclear program must be stopped  by any and all means necessary.
Very exciting. I will be at Macys Herald Square this Wednesday at 530pm to celebrate the launch of Trump Home crystal!
Want jobs? Slash corporate tax rate.  Tax incentives for companies that create jobs in US.  America will boom.
-the stimulus will fail
I watched POTUS speech from Europe-same old tax and spend won't create jobs.
 always makes me proud    Why is the UN planning to attack 's sovereignty and ignore Iran's nuclear program? The US should look at future funding.
China is happy to learn that  plans to borrow another $300 Billion.  is their favorite client.
If only speeches could create jobs then  wouldn't have such a dismal economic record.
My interview yesterday with   My interview with  last night on    'Missed His Opportunity'  America needs a tough negotiator-not a community organizer.
Why was  selling guns to Mexican drug dealers?
A robust growing economy is how to fix Social Security and Medicare-not cuts on Seniors.
US should have told Libya Rebels - give us 50% of your oil for our military support.
USA should take oil from Iraq in repayment for their liberation.   trillion $ stimulus was supposed to create jobs  instead it gave us more debt and higher unemployment.
The UN is about to use its Assembly to attack . We should defund the UN entirely if they can't act resp (cont)  wishes speeches could create jobs.  His job is costing America all of ours.
Fast and Furious   gun running goes all the way to the White House.  We need answers now!
Oil is double the price now compared to last yearOPEC is laughing at .
Fast and Furious put semi-automatics in the hands of Mexican drug lords that killed Americans -  should answer all questions.
The White House is predicting 9% unemployment throughout 2012  and when Obama Care takes effect in 2014 expect it to go even higher.
Make no mistake-Fast and Furious goes ALL the way to the White House.
 is so inept that I think he simply  made a mistake in originally scheduling the Joint Session on September 7th. Just sad.
My interview with  last night  Everything Obama Does is a 'Campaign Speech'  We must stand firm against the UN's ploy to sabotage Israel-if the UN grants the PA statehood then we must immediately defund it.
I'll be  on Greta Van Susteren's show tonight at 10 PM on FoxNews. Tune in.
With gas prices rising and the economy failing
Libya is being taken over by Islamic radicals-with 's open support.
My thoughts on Dick Cheney and his new book China's business interests reach far and wide-even domestically within our borders. We need to reassess our relationship.
The new Libyan Government should turn over the Lockerbie bomber-now.
ObamaCare must be fully repealed or it will destroy America's small businesses.
If the UN unilaterally grants the Palestinians statehood
If the Palestinians want statehood then why are they run by the terrorist group Hamas?
Crude is at $85 right now  isnt even worth half that. OPEC is ripping us off.
 MUST release a budget before  begins negotiations on a continuing appropriations resolution.
Iran admits to aiding the Libyan Rebels and Ahmadinejad received a letter of thanks - when will Washington learn? Libyan Rebels should have given us 50% of the oil in return for our military support-we don't even ask!
Hurricane Irene and Libya in today's .... More and more Americans seem fed up with both PartiesI agree.
There is no substitute for private sector experience.
Why did  and his family travel separately to Martha's Vineyard? They love to extravagantly spend on the taxpayers' dime.
I'm very proud of the work my son  has been doing with the 
America needs a President who can negotiate better deals for the American People.
China's corporate espionage is a continued threat to the American economy. With the right leadership
 inherited $10.6 Trillion in National Debt-will leave after his first term with the Debt at over $17.6 Trillion.
There usually is an easy solution to every problem. For instance
We have spent over $1 Billion on the  Libya operation. What are we getting back?
Just as I predicted
As bad as Qaddafi was-what comes next in Libya will be worse-just watch.
Let's not start celebrating over Libya until we see who takes over.
We  spent over a billion on Libya and lead the way-why is Europe getting the oil?
 has some serious ideas which deserve serious consideration. Wrong for media to ignore him.
We don't need another stimulus. The first one was a complete failure. Why repeat the same mistake?
While  continues to defend ObamaCare in the courts
Israel is being barraged by rockets from Gaza recently. They must respond accordingly in defense of their citizens.
 is sure a master delegator.He has sent _Biden to China.The Chinese are laughing at us. We MUST do better.
 new job plan will certainly do the following  1. Not create any jobs. 2. Borrow more money from China.
You can listen to my interview today with Jay Sekulow Live and the  show here Insurgents in Iraq show they can still mount horrifying attacks-US wastes  trillions.
Many people have been asking to see my plane
Karl Rove lost GOP both Houses of Congress and the White Housegave us Obama.
 will enjoy today's ... Ron Paul is right when he says we are wasting lives and money in Iraq and Afghanistan.
My interview with  on Fox News for those who missed it - 'Obama's Constantly on Vacation'       has a record low 39% Gallup approval rating. Why so high?
My interview this morning on Good Morning America  with George Stephanopoulos  AmazingObama speaks
China owes us money.... A good example of how our country wastes money... I was interviewed by Greta Van Susteren today here at Trump Tower.  Tune in tonight on Fox News at 10 p.m. (cont) China is a threat to America. They are not our friend.
Unemployment is plaguing both Black and Hispanic youths. Very troubling.
My thoughts on the Republican Party in today's ...  played golf yesterday. Now he  heads to a 10 day vacation in Martha's Vineyard.  Nice work ethic.
Reporters say it's the Trump Bump-I tell CNBC I am buying stocks- and the market goes up.
Economic growth can save Social Security
Mike Huckebee
Ron Paul is right that we are wasting trillions of dollars in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Obama has no understanding of how to create jobs or opportunity. He believes in Government.
It's easy to see why Americans are sick of career politicians and both parties.
How will Mitt Romney defend his  record on jobs and Romneycare in tonight's debate?
Looking forward to the GOP  debate and the outcome of the Ames straw poll. We must get a real leader.
I was on CNBC this morning talking about the market and America's financial future  My interview from yesterday with  Andy on  The Fed continues to flood the market with US dollars. Wrong move.
Oil is starting to rise again despite the horrible times. OPEC continues to rip us off. Not worth $30. New leadership needed.
Congress should get back to Washington
 took another swipe at the State of Israel for building in their capital Jerusalem on a Jewish hol (cont) Republicans and Democrats should get back to work immediately to work on resolving downgrade. This is not a go (cont) The S&P are losers. They did this for personal publicity in order to straighten out their terrible reputatio (cont) My interview yesterday on the S&P downgrade with Wolf Blitzer on CNN  My interview with Greta last night on Fox News  Nation Has Become All Talk
He's hired! Listen to my  Andy launch


The S&P downgrade is a direct result of 's increased reckless budget spending and Obama Care. He owns this.
The new President of OPEC is Mahmoud Ahmadinejads confidant Rostam Ghasemi
Obama Care is already having a devastating impact on our economy.
In today's  I answer your questions about what you should be doing in this uncertain economy... China demanded that we raise our debt ceiling and then their rating agency downgraded us. Our leaders are hope (cont) America's debt officially became 100% of our GDP on 's 50th birthday-coincidence?
My interview last night with Greta on Fox News    Thanks to Giovanni's Coal Fire Pizza of Florida for donating enough pizza to feed 750 Police Athletic League youngsters in NY this Friday.
Watch my interview with Greta Van Susteren on her show
Today's  answers your tweets about my thoughts on the Republican candidates... Morning Joe Panel is stealing many of  my statements and ideas to better America without giving credit  the story of my life!
Republicans gave Obama a free pass to the White House  they just don't get it.
I believe America can be great only with proper leadership.
Wake Up America  China is eating our lunch.
All those politicians in Washington and not one good negotiator.
Why I would not have approved the deal... No taxes the only good thing about DC Debt Deal.
The more you learn about the debt deal
Your questions about my desk answered in today's ... Republicans and Democrats have both created our economic problems.
Why should we have any defense cuts in any deal? America must remain strong.
This is the best deal the Republicans could get?
Disappointed in GOP and Dems-Giving Obama power to raise the debt limit next year is  a mistake.
Ex-Presidential Pollster Pat Cadell says most voters sick of both parties and their failure.
We need economic growth and jobs not blue ribbon panels to study the problem.
No taxes in Boehner or Reid Planimportant victory for America.
Watched Sean Hannity last night  a great guy.
If Obama has to re-fight this fight next year he loses   Watch the fine details in every deal  The Art of the Deal
Blue Ribbon Commission to find and agree to future spending cuts? Bad idea.
Never quit and always hit back  The Art of the Comeback
I just got Mike Leach's new book
I appreciate the kind words of Mike Huckabee
 has not released his own debt plan yet. He's totally lost
My wife Melania Trump's show was a tremendous success last night. In case you missed her
  The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it.  The Art of the Deal
Please tweet me your questions to answer in my .
's  new ad criticizes Obama for his excessive spending and debt
My interview yesterday from Newsmax - Obama Is  'Now Totally Lost
People ask me every day to pose for pictures but the camera never works the first timethey are never prepared or maybe just very nervous!
Know when to walk away from the table.   The Art of the Deal
Watch my wife Melania Trump tonight on  at 1 a.m.  So proud of her!
Higher Taxes kill job creation-cut wild government spending and waste.
China has so much of our debt that they can't put us in default w/o killing themselves-US needs our toughest negotiator-and fast!
America's debt is greater than our GDP. Time for new thinking.
My interview from yesterday on Fox and Friends  GOP Crazy If  They Don't Get Everything They  Want  My thoughts on the situation in Norway and Amanda Knox... Fiscal mismanagement of cash costing US Taxpayer billions-cut fraud and waste before cutting funding for Seniors.
Obama
The pressure on the debt ceiling is on .... The Answer to both Social Security and Medicare is a robust growing economy-not cuts on the elderly.
We need a balanced budget Amendment because Congress has no fiscal discipline.
Unfortunately's continued attack on the US $ will lead to ever rising gas prices at the pump and lots of other really bad things
Ronald Kessler's new book The Secrets of the FBI is a great book that should be read by everyone.
Increasing Americas debt weakens us domestically and internationally. - US Senator 
My interview on  last night  - Our Leaders Are Leading Us Into 'Oblivion' The Gang of Six - yet another unmitigated disaster. ANY DEAL NEEDS TO REPEAL OBAMACARE. T-E-A.
China is our enemythey want to destroy us  Redstate Interview
Obama is addicted to spending America into insolvency. His record proves it.
Robust Economic growth is the answer to the Medicare Problemnot cuts on the elderly.
While  seeks to further destroy  our credit
    You can't con people...if you don't deliver the goods
So China is ordering us to raise the Debt Limit...How low have we as a nation sunk?
The GOP doesn't waste  an opportunity to waste an opportunity. Defunding Obamacare should be central to any deal.
Every dollar  spends costs $1.40 with interest borrowed from China on our children and grandchildren's backs. CUT-CAP-BALANCE!
 has sold guns to Mexican drug lords while his DOJ erodes our 2nd  Amendment rights.
 The Republicans must act now
Congratulations to my daughter Ivanka and her husband Jared on the birth of  their daughter Arabella Rose yesterday.
 is right. We need to create more taxpayers
 You have increased discretionary spending by 25% annually and amassed over $4 trillion in debt. T-E-A Who will be the next ? Find out this Saturday at 8PM ET on missteenusa.com  
What is better advice- The Art of the Deal or Rules for Radicals? I know which one  prefers.
CUT
Take a look at  US News named the Top10 best hotels in the USand Trump Int'l Hotel & Tower NYC and Trump Int'l Hotel & Tower Chicago are on the list!
 You have abandoned Israel and engaged the Muslim Brotherhood
While  tries to push gun control My interview last night with Greta on the GOP going El Foldo  Debt Ceiling- Sometimes no deal is better than a bad deal.
More thoughts on the debt ceiling in today's ...  Donald Trump the Song gets 16M hits on YouTube. Who wouldn't be flattered?
 Much as it pays to emphasize the positive
 Mr. Speaker
On our YouTube channel- the opening of the incredible Trump Ocean Club in Panama.... Derek Jeter's baseball and more in today's ... House GOP wants to cut Medicare
ObamaCare Tragedy Primed to Further Explode the Deficit   - Iranian weapons killing Americans in Iraq? What are u doing about this?   Message for House GOP  The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. - The Art of the Deal.
If only  was as focused on balancing the budget as he is on weakening Israel's borders then America would be on the path to solvency.
THe Art of the DealThe best thing you can do is deal from strength
Republicans should not negotiate against themselves again with  in today's debt talksFirst and foremost CUT
Congress is back.TIME TO CUT
Perhaps this is the kind of thinking we need in Washington ... Tomorrow we'll be going to Panama for the opening of our new hotel. It's a fantastic building in a fantastic location. Wishing everyone a wonderful Independence Day holiday weekend
Please read Did my weekly phoner on Fox & Friends this morning...sounding off on issues of the day ...      I was in San Jose
 is having an online competition - vote Our new Miss USA
I've been visiting Trump Int'l Golf Links Scotland and the course will be unmatched anywhere in the world. Spectacular!  Congratulations to the Miss USA Pageantit was the  telecast of the night among ABC
Congratulations to Alyssa Campanella
Don't forget the Miss USA Pageant
Watch me on the  tonight at 9pm. More thoughts on Anthony Weiner in today's  New on our YouTube channel today is a brand new  giving you a look inside the world of Trump Golf Your most popular tweet answered
My thoughts on Anthony Weiner in today's ... Check out my speech from last Friday Tweet me your questions for the next ....
Watch my appearances on Good Day NY... My thoughts on last night's meeting with  in today's ... Wishing everyone a Happy Memorial Day
 and the 2011 contestants stopped by Trump Tower yesterday
Congratulations to John Rich and to Marlee Matlin for a terrific job throughout the season. You are both great! My appearance on  from today.... Get ready for some excitementthe live finale of the Celebrity Apprentice is on this Sunday night don't miss it!  Check out today's  about the upcoming episode of .... Vote for the next Miss USA... This has been a very difficult decision regarding the Presidential run and I want to thank all my twitter fans for your fantastic support.
NY Jets center

Guests are raving about our exclusive hotel mattress and so weve made it available for purchase!  A sneak peek at Sunday's episode of The Celebrity Apprentice... Watch my appearance on ...  is having a poll
Be sure to watch the Celebrity Apprentice on Sunday night
New The Next Generation videos - My appearances on   Hopefully this answers your question... Be sure to watch The Celebrity Apprentice on Sunday at 9 pm on NBC. It's an episode you'll want to see-and one you won't forget!
Catch the second part of my interview with Bill O'Reilly tonight at 8pm on Fox News....
My thoughts on The O'Reilly Factor and more here... Watch my latest video blog.... Watch me tonight on The O'Reilly Factor at 8 pm and 11 pm EST
Watch me play both golf and baseball tonight on Donald J. Trump's Fabulous World of Golf 9PM ET on Golf Channel.. My latest Celebrity Apprentice video blog... My appearance on The View... Check out my most recent interview with CNN... This is about the money I gave to charityand in response to your comments about Gadhafi... My thoughts on the Geico ad and more in today's video blog.... I want to see people make lots of $$ and live better lives. I really think they can do that through TheTrumpNetwork Here are my thoughts on last night's episode of The Celebrity Apprentice... I spoke with Fox and Friends today watch here Don't forget the Celebrity Apprentice
The Comedy Central Roast of Donald Trump last week was the  highest rated Comedy Central Roast ever...it brought in 3.5 milion viewers
I'll be on with Larry Kudlow of the Kudlow Report tonight on CNBC at 7 p.m. We'll be discussing current affairs and politics. Tune in.
Check out my interview on  Catch me on Fox News right now
 Hundreds of thousands of supporters have already gone to and joined the movement at shouldtrumprun.com  

Some of your most popular questions answered in today's video Keep talking about me use  to tweet about how good I look on  tonight at 1030/930c  Check out the Trump Fabulous World of Golf site to meet the Fazio family-master golf course designers....Hey   cummings  you call yourselves comedians?  tonight 1030/930c on .
Hey    Oh
Watch as I humiliate a dais full of talent.   airs tonight at 1030/930c on Comedy Central  Tweet me more of your questions to answer in the next video....
My thoughts on last night's Celebrity Apprentice Don't forget to tune in to the Celebrity Apprentice this Sunday night
I will be developing the two tallest towers in the Republic of Georgia.  More of your questions answered in today's video at 
My thoughts on last night's Celebrity Apprentice Mark it on your calendar Comedy Central Roast
Watch You've Got Donald Trump at I appeared on David Letterman last night. And don't forget Sunday night-the first episode of Celebrity Apprentice will be on NBC at 9 pm.
I was on the TODAY Show this morning and then visited Regis & Kelly. The Celebrity Apprentice starts this Sunday nightdont miss it!
I answered some of your questions in today's video... Check out today's video blog ALso coming up The Celebrity Apprentice returns. Sunday night March 6 at 9 pm EST Coming up in March The Comedy Central Roast of Donald Trump. March 15
I answered your questions in today's video... watch at Check out today's From The Desk Of Donald Trump at Check out my interview from MSNBC at Watch the latest From The Desk Of Donald Trump at I was speaking with Don Imus this morning.... THe Westminster Dog Show asked if I'd be interested in meeting Hickory
From The Desk Of Donald Trump- two new videos up at Check out ShouldTrumpRun....FoxNewsInsider with comments on my speech at CPAC in Washington
I was on CNN yesterday.....Watch my speech at CPAC in Washington DC yesterday ...It was great to appear on Piers Morgan Tonight last night as his first live guest. Piers won the Celebrity Apprentice and he's fantastic.
Be sure to watch Oprah today (4 pm on Channel 7)
Don't miss my Fabulous World of Golf now in its second season on Golf Channel beginning tonight at 9 pm ET Watch Melania on QVC this morning from 10 a.m. to 11 a.m. with her third line of her Melania Timepieces & Jewelry collection...
...when they have no environmental restrictions! America' s workers need us. THe people at shouldtrumprun.com have got it right! How are our factories supposed to compete with China and other countries...
Don't miss my fabulous World of Golf now in its second season on Golf Channel beginning January 31 at 9 pm ET. Celebrity matches and more...
Busy doing phoners this week with Neil Cavuto
Don't forget to watch me tonight on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon
This afternoon I'll be speaking with Neil Cavuto on Your World with Neil Cavuto
Watch me on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon tomorrow night at 1235 a.m. on NBCI'll be making a big announcement!
WIshing everyone a happy
Wishing everyone a very Happy Holiday season!
Don't forget to watch Larry King tonight
I'll be appearing on Larry King Live for his final show
...Trump International Hotel Las Vegas
Those five hotels includeTrump International Hotel & Tower New York
All the hotels currently open in the Trump Hotel Collection have been nominated for Travel & Leisure's World's Best Awards 2011 .....
Congratulations to Brandy as our new Apprentice and to Clint for being a great player. It's been a terrific season!
Tonight is the Apprentice finale-and it's a fantastic episode in every way
Tonight's episode of The Apprentice is one of the best everwe're down to the final 3
Congratulations to Evan Lysacek for being nominated SI sportsman of the year. He's a great guy
My best wishes to everyone for a Happy Thanksgiving!
Tomorrow night's episode of The Apprentice delivers excitement at QVC along with appearances by Isaac Mizrahi and Cathie Black. 10 pm on NBC
Watch CNN tomorrow at 2 pm & 5 pm and on Friday at 7 pm & 11 pm for a Thanksgiving Special hosted by John King. I'll be a featured guest.
Staff Sgt. Salvatore A. Giunta received the Medal of Honor from Pres. Obama this month. It was a great honor to have him visit me today.
CNBC Titans Donald Trump  will be shown Friday Nov 19th at 9 pm and 1 am
We're getting down to the wire on The Apprenticetune in tonight for some great action! 10 p.m. on NBC.
My interview last week with Greta van Susteren is available here in slightly abridged form. Tonight's episode of The Apprentice has a big surprise at the top of the show  don't miss it! 10 p.m. on NBC.
Tonight's episode of The Apprentice is one you won't want to miss! Be sure to tune in10 p.m. on NBC.
I'll be discussing a variety of topics tonight with Greta Van Susteren
I was on The View this morning. We talked about The Apprentice. Tonight's episode is a great onetough
Be prepared for a sensational episode of The Apprentice tomorrow night
Don't forget to tune in tonight to see another unpredictable and exciting episode of The Apprentice 10 pm on NBC
An HR solutions company polled 1
Be sure to watch The Apprentice tonight
Scotland is beautiful and Trump Internatonal Golf Links-Scotland is progressing beautifully as well.  Don't forget to tune in tonight for another exciting episode of The Apprentice10 p.m. on NBC.
I'm honored to be presented the award of Doctor of Business Administration Honoris Causa from Robert Gordon University in Aberdeen
Read Ivanka's blog about last night's Apprentice on Entertainment Weekly ...Tune in tonight at 10 pm on NBC for another exciting episode of The Apprentice  and see the Dog Whisperer make an appearance.
See the new sizzle reel for The Apprentice   Don't forget to tune in tonight at 10 p.m. on NBC for another action packed episode of The Apprentice.   Be sure to tune in for Melania's second QVC show for Melania Timepieces & Jewelry  tonight
Don't forget to tune in tonight for the two hour premiere of The Apprentice. 9 pm EST on NBC. We're all in for a fantastic new season!
Eric did a great job with his Eric Trump Foundation annual charity outing. I'm proud of him.  I am very happy to have the civilian version of The Apprentice back on the air this fall. There will be excitement as well as opportunity.
Coming up soon The two hour premiere of The Apprentice. Next Thursday
There's a lot going on at the Eric Trump Foundation ...  I was invited by Caroline Wozniacki to sit with her family in her special box during her match at the U.S. Open yesterday. She's fantastic!
Check out Trump International Hotel & Tower New York spectacular! Check out Serta's Counting Sheep (and me) at the Trump International Hotel New York I'll be on The Late Show with David Letterman tonightbe sure to tune in for a great show. 1130 pm on CBS.
Went to the Yankees game last night with Bill O'Reillywe had a great time watching the Yankees win!
Spent a beautiful weekend golfing at Trump National Golf Club Westchester and Trump National Golf Club Bedminster.
The Miss Universe Pageant raked in some great ratings!  A great job by everyone.
Congratulations to Miss Mexico
It's going to get hotter in Las Vegas tonight! Watch the Miss Universe Pageant tonight on NBC at 9 p.m. I'm looking forward to being there!
Four more days until the Miss Universe Pageant. Be sure to tune in on Monday night at 9 p.m. on NBCit will be an amazing show.
The original Apprentice returns with a two hour premiere on Thursday September 16th. Looking forward to a fantastic season!
So don't forget to enter the Serta Counting Sheep for Hire contest!  www.youtube.com/user/mattressserta
That trip would be to the Trump International Hotel Las Vegas...Friday is the last day to enter the Counting Sheep for Hire contest. Click here www.youtube.com/user/mattressserta and you could win a trip
Check out the last webisode www.youtube.com/user/mattressserta in our 3 part series featuring me with Serta. Which one was your favorite?
Check out the last webisode in our 3 part series featuring me with Serta. Which one was your favorite?  www.youtube.com/user/mattressserta
Eric's Sept. 14th event will be held at Trump National Golf Club Westchester. Mark your calenders for August 23rd  Performing live on the Miss Universe Pageant from the Mandalay Bay Resort & Casino will be Telemundo
The Miss Universe Pageant will be on August 23 (9-11 p.m. on NBC
Enter the contest....and stay at  the fantastic Trump International Hotel Las Vegas ...I'm helping the Serta Counting Sheep get back to work. Enter the contest Could this be my newest apprentice? I'm proud to accept the 2010 HollyRod Foundation Humanitarian Award from Holly Robinson Peete
and yet another ...all of them are spectacular.  and here's another....Visited some very beautiful golf courses this weekend...this is one...George Steinbrenner was a great friend and a true legend. There will never be anyone like him in New York. We've lost a truly great man.
The new edition of The Apprentice will be on Thursdays this fall at 10 pm ET-I'm putting people back to work!
Due to popular demand
Wishing everyone a wonderful Independence Day weekend. We have a lot to be thankful for.
Work is expected to begin today on my golf course in Scotland. It will be spectacular! Trading Shots with Donald Trumpa great article in the Wall Street Journal

The Eric Trump Foundation has raised over $1
Great job on the Larry King Live Gulf Telethon last night$1.3 million was raised in 2 hours.
For more information on tonight's two hour telethon
Tonight be sure to watch Melania and Ivanka on Larry King Live for a Celebrity Relief Telethon  The Ultimate Merger  Tune in tonight at 9 pm on TV One for The Ultimate Merger starring the one and only Omarosa and twelve brave bachelors ...
And Trump SoHo New York is one of the hottest new hotels anywhere.... Had a fantastic dinner last night at Quattro
WSJ covers Ride of Fame Rima Fakih

Check out Gray Line's site for the Donald Trump Ride of Fame... I am honored to be chosen by Gray Line for their NY Ride of Fame Campaign. Today we had the ribbon cutting ceremony in front of Trump Tower.
Tonight I trade places with Larry King  and interview him on the 25th anniversary of his show. 9PM on CNN featuring best clips.
Be sure to watch the Larry King Show tomorrow night on CNN
Checking out the course at TNGC Westchester and it is fantastic. Should be a great season. I'll be turning the table on Larry King this Saturday night.  I'll be interviewing him in honor of the 25th Anniversary of his show.
Wishing everyone a Happy Memorial Day Weekend
The Dunes here are amazing
The North Coast of Scotland is spectacularthe sea
Scotland is beautiful. I spent several years looking for the right place
The ratings for the Celebrity Apprentice were fantastic and everyone had a great time. It was a terrific season  congrats to everyone!
Ivanka caught up with Bret and Holly backstage. Both Bret and Holly were champions all the way.   Congratulations to Bret Michaels
Who's your pick or  ? Vote now on Ivanka's new Facebook page! The latest update on Bret Michaels is that he's making every effort to attend the live finale of Celebrity Apprentice on Sundayso tune in!
Check out Ivanka's new FaceBook page and keep up with what's happeningfrom The Celebrity Apprentice
Put  this on your calendar The Celebrity Apprentice live finale is this Sunday at 9 p.m. on NBC. Who will be the next Celebrity Apprentice?
Congratulations to our new Miss USA
Looking forward to the 2010 Miss USA Pageant
We're all very happy to hear of Bret Michael's progress and send our best wishes for his full recovery.
Providing backstage commentary at the Miss USA Pageant will be comedic mother-daughter duo Joan and Melissa Rivers. A fantastic lineup!
Also appearing on the Miss USA Pageant will be Country Superstar Trace Adkins and Pop Rock Sensation Boys Like Girls...
Looking forward to the 2010 Miss USA Pageant
Be sure to look for my beautiful wife Melania Trump tonight on QVC at 9 pm ET where she will be debuting her fantastic jewelry collection.
Melania will be on QVC tomorrow night at 9 p.m. ET to introduce her beautiful and inspiring Melania Timepieces & Fashion Jewelry collection.
Melania and I will be appearing on Larry King Live tonight
Our thoughts and prayers remain with Bret Michaels and his family and for his speedy recovery.
To put on your calendar for May Miss USA 2010
Melania and I will be appearing on The View tomorrow at 11 a.m. on CBS. Tune in for some great fun!
Melania and I saw American Idiot on Broadway last night and it was great. An amazing  theatrical experience!
Tune in to The Marriage Ref onThursday night at 10 p.m. on NBCI'm on the panel of experts along with Gloria Estefan & Adam Carolla.
On Sunday
Before Kids Can Go Places
Looking forward to seeing the World Champion Yankees today on opening day!
The premiere of Donald J. Trump's Fabulous World of Golf is tomorrow night at 9 p.m.

This is a terrific day for downtown New York. Trump SoHo is unlike anything else. Be sure to visit this fantastic hotel soon!
Trump SoHo opens this Friday and it is fantastic! Check out the Trump Hotel Collection...

My bestselling book from last April
Then we attended the Scottish fashion show that benefits veterans
Last night Melania and I attended the Skating with the Stars Gala at Wollman Rink in Central Park
Today's open call drew thousands of  eager applicants. It was an impressive group
Don't forget the open call at Trump Tower tomorrow for The Apprentice. I look forward to seeing you there.
The NYC casting call for The Apprentice is thisThursday
The original Apprentice is coming backdo you have what it takes to be the next Apprentice? For casting details The Trump Hotel Collection is currently nominated for Conde Nast Traveler Readers Choice Awards
Last week's episode of the Celebrity Apprentice set the stage for a great new season. Tune in this Sunday on NBC for even more excitement.
I am happy to announce that theoriginal Apprentice which will offer job opportunities to those in needis coming back.
Olympic Gold  Medalist Evan Lysacek just left my office. He is in town and wanted to meet mehe's a fanastic guy and a true champion.
The new season of the Celebrity Apprentice is off to a great start last night it swept the 10 p.m. hour in every key demographic.
The Celebrity Apprentice has a two-hour premiere this Sunday
From Donald Trump Andrea Bocelli  Mar-a-Lago - Many say best night of entertainment in long history of Palm Beach From Donald Trump Im so proud of my wife Melania and the launch of her new jewelry line
Donald Trump appeared on the final episode of The Jay Leno Show to deliver a very special message Donald Trump appearing today on CNN Internationals Connect the World as Connector of the Day. Submit questions Superbowl Sunday is a great American tradition. The Colts and Saints are already champions
Golf Channel & Donald Trump's World of Golf host a Celebrity Match 1/25  TNGC LA
from Donald Trump I saw Lady Gaga last night and she was fantastic!
Trump Tycoon App for iPhone & iPod Touch - It's $2.99 but the advice is priceless! Celebrity Apprentice returns to NBC
From Donald Trump Wishing everyone a wonderful holiday & a happy
Trump International Tower in Chicago ranked 6th tallest building in world by Council on Tall Buildings & Urban Habitat Wishing you and yours a very Happy and Bountiful Thanksgiving!
Donald Trump Partners with TV1 on New Reality Series Entitled
Work has begun
From Donald Trump Ivanka and Jareds wedding was spectacular
Hear Donald Trump discuss big gov spending
Watch video of Ivanka Trump sharing business advice with 4 entrepreneurial women on GMA - Read what Donald Trump has to say about daughter Ivanka's upcoming new book
A lot of people have imagination
Read Donald Trump's Top Ten Tips for Success - More hysterical DSRL videos featuring Donald Trump and Double Trump plus enter Golden Lick Race Sweepstakes - Donald Trump bids to buy the Oreo Double Stuf Racing League. Check it out Reminder The Miss Universe competition will be LIVE from the Bahamas - Tonight  9pm (EST) on NBC Watch the Miss Universe competition LIVE from the Bahamas - Sunday
 Watch Donald Trump's recent appearance on The Late Show with David Letterman Ivanka is now on Twitter - You can follow her  - Have a terrific weekend!
Think. Thats the first step. Use all your power to utilize and develop that capability  Browse Donald Trump's Summer Reading List for Business Success at the Trump University Blog Check out a list of Donald Trump's books for summer reading at the Trump University Blog Congrats to winners from around the world who entered the Think Like A Champion signed book/keychain contest! Donald Trump backs 'Apprentice' Randal Pinkett for N.J. Lieutenant Governor Be aware of things that seem inexplicable because they can be a big step towards innovation.  Here's to a safe and happy Independence Day for one and all - Enjoy it! 
Watch a powerful and frank interview with Donald Trump about the economy on Greta Van Susteren's On The Record RE Michael Jackson He was a great friend and a spectacular entertainer. Its a devastating loss! 
Donald Trumps commercial-free WWE Raw does big rating Expand your life every day. Donald J. Trump - Wishing a Happy Father's Day to all the Dad's out there - YOU are a champion today and everyday! RE FB Vanity URLs SF Chronicle - David Beckham was one of the first
Thanks to all for your thoughtful birthday wishes  Donald Trump
Today is Donald Trump's Birthday! Send him your B'day wishes here Last week to enter the Think Like A Champion signed book and keychain contest If you don't have problems
Check out Donald Trump's new iGoogle Showcase page

You have to know when to call it quits and when to keep moving forward.  Read an excerpt from Think Like A Champion by Donald J. Trump Your higher self is in direct opposition to your comfort zone.  Did you know Donald Trump is on Facebook? Don't forget to enter the Think Like A Champion signed book and keychain contest Keep it fast
Read a great interview with Donald Trump that appeared in The New York Times Magazine Always know you could be on the precipice of something great.  ...these days...we could all use a little of the power of Trumpative thinking. BarnesandNoble.com We win in our lives by having a champion's view of each moment.  Dont be afraid of being unique - it's like being afraid of your best self.  When the achiever achieves
Enter the Think Like A Champion signed book and keychain contest

Strive for wholeness and keep your sense of wonder intact.  Listen to an interview with Donald Trump discussing his new book
Miss USA Tara Conner will not be fired - I've always been a believer in second chances. says Donald Trump
My persona will never be that of a wallflower - Id rather build walls than cling to them 
New Blog Post Celebrity Apprentice Finale and Lessons Learned Along the Way Donald Trump reads Top Ten Financial Tips on Late Show with David Letterman Donald Trump will be appearing on The View tomorrow morning to discuss Celebrity Apprentice and his new book Think Like A Champion!
Be sure to tune in and watch Donald Trump on Late Night with David Letterman as he presents the Top Ten List tonight!
